She states it started 1 day ago and has been worsening despite drinking more water and taking cranberry extract.
She otherwise feels well and is followed by a doctor for her pregnancy.
Her temperature is 97.7°F (36.5°C), blood pressure is 122/77 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 19/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for an absence of costovertebral angle tenderness and a gravid uterus.
His mother noticed that he had died only after she awoke in the morning.
No cause of death was determined based on the autopsy.
He was born without complications and has not had any medical problems up until this time.
However, for the past 4 days, he has been fussy, is regurgitating all of his feeds, and his vomit is yellow in color.
On physical exam, the child's abdomen is minimally distended but no other abnormalities are appreciated.
She had recently undergone surgery for a fractured femur 3 months ago.
Initial hospital course was uncomplicated, and she was discharged to a rehab facility in good health.
Shortly after discharge home from rehab, she developed sudden shortness of breath and had cardiac arrest.
Resuscitation was unsuccessful.
On histological examination of lung tissue, fibrous connective tissue around the lumen of the pulmonary artery is observed.
She says that her menses “have always been heavy”, and she has experienced easy bruising for as long as she can remember.
Family history is significant for her mother, who had similar problems with bruising easily.
The patient's vital signs include: heart rate 98/min, respiratory rate 14/min, temperature 36.1°C (96.9°F), and blood pressure 110/87 mm Hg.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Laboratory tests show the following: platelet count 200,000/mm3, PT 12 seconds, and PTT 43 seconds.
The pain started 2 days ago and slowly increased until she could not tolerate it any longer.
Past medical history is significant for hypertension and hypothyroidism.
Additionally, she reports that she was recently stung by one of the zoo’s smaller scorpions, but did not seek medical treatment.
She takes aspirin, levothyroxine, oral contraceptive pills, and a multivitamin daily.
Family history is noncontributory.
Today, her blood pressure is 108/58 mm Hg, heart rate is 99/min, respiratory rate is 21/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
On physical exam, she is a well-developed, obese female that looks unwell.
Her heart has a regular rate and rhythm.
Radial pulses are weak but symmetric.
Her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Her lateral left ankle is swollen, erythematous, and painful to palpate.
An abdominal CT is consistent with acute pancreatitis.
She is at 34 weeks gestation, as confirmed by an ultrasound examination.
She has no complaints, but notes that the new shoes she bought 2 weeks ago do not fit anymore.
The course of her pregnancy has been uneventful and she has been compliant with the recommended prenatal care.
Her medical history is unremarkable.
She has a 15-pound weight gain since the last visit 3 weeks ago.
Her vital signs are as follows: blood pressure, 148/90 mm Hg; heart rate, 88/min; respiratory rate, 16/min; and temperature, 36.6℃ (97.9℉).
The blood pressure on repeat assessment 4 hours later is 151/90 mm Hg.
The fetal heart rate is 151/min.
The physical examination is significant for 2+ pitting edema of the lower extremity.
Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated but a prenatal ultrasound at 20 weeks showed a defect in the pleuroperitoneal membrane.
She complains of lightheadedness and palpitations which occur episodically.
Past medical history is significant for a myocardial infarction 6 months ago and NYHA class II chronic heart failure.
She also was diagnosed with grade I arterial hypertension 4 years ago.
Current medications are aspirin 81 mg, atorvastatin 10 mg, enalapril 10 mg, and metoprolol 200 mg daily.
Her vital signs are a blood pressure of 135/90 mm Hg, a heart rate of 125/min, a respiratory rate of 14/min, and a temperature of 36.5°C (97.7°F).
Cardiopulmonary examination is significant for irregular heart rhythm and decreased S1 intensity.
ECG is obtained and is shown in the picture (see image).
Echocardiography shows a left ventricular ejection fraction of 39%.
He has been using intranasal vasoconstrictors several times per day for several weeks.
She also has a 3-month history of amenorrhea, hot flashes, and increased sweating.
She reports that she has been overweight all her adult life and is happy to have lost 6.8-kg (15-lb) of weight in the past 2 months.
Her pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 148/98 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows moist palms and a nontender thyroid gland that is enlarged to two times its normal size.
Ophthalmologic examination shows prominence of the globes of the eyes, bilateral lid retraction, conjunctival injection, and an inability to converge the eyes.
There is no pain on movement of the extraocular muscles.
Visual acuity is 20/20 bilaterally.
Neurologic examination shows a fine resting tremor of the hands.
Deep tendon reflexes are 3+ with a shortened relaxation phase.
His parents state that they first noticed the change in his behavior this morning and it has been getting worse.
They noticed the patient was initially weak in his upper body and arms, but now he won’t move his legs with as much strength or vigor as he used to.
Physical exam is notable for bilateral ptosis with a sluggish pupillary response, a very weak sucking and gag reflex, and shallow respirations.
The patient is currently drooling and his diaper is dry.
The parents state he has not had a bowel movement in over 1 day.
She was born at home and was normal at birth according to her parents.
Since then, they have noticed that she does not appear to be achieving developmental milestones as quickly as her siblings, and often appears lethargic.
Physical exam reveals microcephaly, very light pigmentation (as compared to her family), and a "musty" body odor.
Physical examination shows multiple soft, yellow plaques and papules on his arms, chest, and back.
There is sensorineural hearing loss and weakness of facial muscles bilaterally.
His gait is unsteady.
An MRI of the brain shows a 3-cm mass near the right internal auditory meatus and a 2-cm mass at the left cerebellopontine angle.
In the morning, the cough is productive of white phlegm.
She becomes short of breath walking up a flight of stairs.
She has hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
She has recently retired from working as a nurse at a homeless shelter.
She has smoked 1 pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years.
Current medications include ramipril and fenofibrate.
Her temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), respirations are 24/min, pulse is 85/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
Scattered wheezing and rhonchi are heard throughout both lung fields.
There are no murmurs, rubs, or gallops but heart sounds are distant.
He states that the pain started suddenly while he was walking outside.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and atrial fibrillation.
His temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 152/98 mmHg, pulse is 97/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a cold and pale left leg.
The patient’s sensation is markedly diminished in the left leg when compared to the right, and his muscle strength is 1/5 in his left leg.
He wakes up 3-4 times per night to urinate while he previously only had to wake up once per night.
He also complains of post-void dribbling and difficulty initiating a stream of urine.
He denies any difficulty maintaining an erection.
His past medical history is notable for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and gout.
He takes aspirin, atorvastatin, enalapril, and allopurinol.
His family history is notable for prostate cancer in his father and lung cancer in his mother.
He has a 15-pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol socially.
On digital rectal exam, his prostate is enlarged, smooth, and non-tender.
The discomfort is located in the upper abdomen and sometimes occurs after eating, especially after a big meal.
He has tried to go for a walk after dinner to help with digestion, but his complaints have only increased.
For the past 3 weeks he has also had symptoms while climbing the stairs to his apartment.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and stage 2 peripheral arterial disease.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 45 years.
He drinks one to two beers daily and occasionally more on weekends.
His current medications include metformin, enalapril, and aspirin.
He is 168 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 126 kg (278 lb); BMI is 45 kg/m2.
His temperature is 36.4°C (97.5°F), pulse is 78/min, and blood pressure is 148/86 mm Hg.
On physical examination, the abdomen is soft and nontender with no organomegaly.
Foot pulses are absent bilaterally.
An ECG shows no abnormalities.
She has a genetic disease marked by a mutation in a chloride transporter.
She has a history of chronic bronchitis.
She has a brother with a similar history of infections as well as infertility.
He does not drink any alcohol.
Physical examination shows jaundice.
Abdominal and neurologic examinations show no abnormalities.
Serum studies show increased levels of alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST).
A liver biopsy is performed and a photomicrograph after periodic acid-Schiff-staining is shown.
He has a history of personality disorder and metastatic prostate cancer and was not a candidate for surgical resection.
He began chemotherapy but discontinued due to unremitting nausea.
He denies any bowel or bladder incontinence.
He has never had pain like this before and is demanding morphine.
The nurse administers IV morphine and he feels more comfortable.
Vital signs are stable.
On physical examination you note tenderness to palpation along the lower spine, weakness in the bilateral lower extremities, left greater than right.
Neurological examination is also notable for hyporeflexia in the knee and ankle jerks bilaterally.
You conduct a rectal examination, which reveals saddle anesthesia.
Using a viral vector, the genes encoding chloride-conducting channelrhodopsins are injected into this nucleus.
Photostimulation of the channels causes complete inhibition of action potential generation.
Physical examination shows generalized pallor and splenomegaly.
Her hemoglobin concentration is 7.5 g/dL and leukocyte count is 41,800/mm3.
Leukocyte alkaline phosphatase activity is low.
Peripheral blood smear shows basophilia with myelocytes and metamyelocytes.
Bone marrow biopsy shows cellular hyperplasia with proliferation of immature granulocytic cells.
She is being treated with IV piperacillin-tazobactam.
She calls the nurse to her room because she says that her heart is racing.
She also demands that someone come in to clean the pile of garbage off of the floor because it is attracting flies.
Her pulse is 112/min, respiratory rate is 20/min, temperature is 38.0°C (100.4°F), and blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg.
On physical examination, the patient appears sweaty, distressed, and unable to remain still.
She is oriented to person, but not place or time.
Palpation of the abdomen shows no tenderness, rebound, or guarding.
The lesions are not itchy.
She has also noticed that her urine has been dark brown in color recently.
Twenty years ago, she was successfully treated for Coats disease of the retina via retinal sclerotherapy.
She is currently on hormonal replacement therapy for perimenopausal symptoms.
Her aunt and sister have a history of a similar skin lesions.
Examination shows multiple fluid-filled blisters and oozing erosions on the forearms, dorsal side of both hands, and forehead.
There is hyperpigmented scarring and patches of bald skin along the sides of the blisters.
Laboratory studies show a normal serum ferritin concentration.
The pain is colicky, radiates towards his right groin, and he describes it as 8/10 in intensity.
He has vomited once.
He has no history of similar episodes in the past.
Last year, he was treated with naproxen for swelling and pain of his right toe.
He has a history of hypertension.
He drinks one to two beers on the weekends.
Current medications include amlodipine.
He appears uncomfortable.
His temperature is 37.1°C (99.3°F), pulse is 101/min, and blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows a soft, nontender abdomen and right costovertebral angle tenderness.
An upright x-ray of the abdomen shows no abnormalities.
A CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis shows a 7-mm stone in the proximal ureter and grade I hydronephrosis on the right.
Her mother reports that for the past 2 months she has noticed hair at the axillary and pubic areas.
She denies any family history of precocious puberty and reports that her daughter has been relatively healthy with an uncomplicated birth history.
She denies any recent illnesses, weight change, fever, vaginal bleeding, pain, or medication use.
Physical examination demonstrates Tanner stage 4 development.
A pelvic ultrasound shows an ovarian mass.
Laboratory studies demonstrates an elevated level of estrogen.
Yesterday, he was expelled from school for repeatedly skipping classes.
Over the past 2 months, he was suspended 3 times for bullying and aggressive behavior towards his peers and teachers.
Once, his neighbor found him smoking cigarettes in his backyard.
In the past, he consistently maintained an A grade average and had been a regular attendee of youth group events at their local church.
The mother first noticed this change in behavior 3 months ago, around the time at which his father moved out after discovering his wife was having an affair.
Her double vision is present all the time and does not get better or worse throughout the day.
She has also noticed that she has a hard time keeping her right eye open, and her right eyelid looks 'droopy' in the mirror.
Physical exam findings during primary gaze are shown in the photo.
Her right pupil is 6 mm and poorly reactive to light.
The rest of her neurologic exam is unremarkable.
Laboratory studies show an Hb A1c of 5.0%.
After the polypeptides are released from the ribosome, a chemically-tagged protein attaches covalently to lysine residues on the polypeptide chain, forming a modified polypeptide.
When a barrel-shaped complex is added to the cytoplasm, the modified polypeptide lyses, resulting in individual amino acids and the chemically-tagged proteins.
When he enters the exam room, the physician notes that the patient has a broad-based gait.
The man’s wife informs the doctor that he has been an alcoholic for the last 5 years and his consumption of alcohol has increased significantly over the past few months.
She also reports that he has become indifferent to his family members over time and is frequently agitated.
She also says that his memory has been affected significantly, and when asked about a particular detail, he often recollects it incorrectly, though he insists that his version is the true one.
On physical examination, his vital signs are stable, but when the doctor asks him where he is, he seems to be confused.
His neurological examination also shows nystagmus.
The man insists that he is fine and blames his son for "creating panic".
Four hours ago the patient was having tea with his wife when he suddenly dropped his teacup.
He has had difficulty moving his right arm since then and cannot walk because his right leg feels stuck.
He has a history of hypertension and dyslipidemia, for which he currently takes lisinopril and atorvastatin, respectively.
He is allergic to aspirin and peanuts.
A computerized tomography (CT) scan shows evidence of an ischemic stroke.
He is also concerned about urinary frequency and urgency.
He states that he recently completed a cycle of chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
The patient was intoxicated and pulled the dog’s tail while it was eating.
The dog belongs to his friend and is back at his friend’s house currently.
Physical exam is notable for a dog bite on the patient’s right arm.
The wound is irrigated and explored with no retained bodies found.
A tetanus vaccination is administered.
She denies fever, seizures or illicit drug use.
Family history is negative for psychiatric illnesses.
She was started on risperidone and sent home with her parents.
Three days later, she is brought to the emergency department with fever and confusion.
She is not verbally responsive.
At the hospital, her temperature is 39.8°C (103.6°F), the blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, the pulse rate is 102/min, and the respiratory rate is 16/min.
She is extremely diaphoretic and appears stiff.
She has spontaneous eye-opening but she is not verbally responsive and she is not following commands.
Laboratory studies show:
Sodium 142 mmol/L
Potassium 5.0 mmol/L
Creatinine 1.8 mg/dl
Calcium 10.4 mg/dl
Creatine kinase 9800 U/L
White blood cells 14,500/mm3
Hemoglobin 12.9 g/dl
Platelets 175,000/mm3
Urinalysis shows protein 1+, hemoglobin 3+ with occasional leukocytes and no red blood casts.
She reports that these symptoms are worse after she exercises and disappear after she rests for a few hours.
Physical examination shows drooping of her right upper eyelid that worsens when the patient is asked to gaze at the ceiling for 2 minutes.
There is diminished motor strength in the upper extremities.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Physical exam reveals a gray pseudomembrane in the patient's oropharynx along with lymphadenopathy.
The patient develops myocarditis and expires on hospital day 5.
The patient’s mother says that he has not been vaccinated.
Physical examination reveals fasciculation and flaccid paralysis of the lower limbs.
A CSF analysis reveals lymphocytosis with normal glucose and protein levels.
A throat swab reveals an RNA virus.
She discovers that the enzyme is present in most body tissues and is located in the cytoplasm of the cells expressing the enzyme.
She decides to mix this enzyme under subphysiologic conditions with varying levels of glucose in order to determine the kinetic properties of the enzyme.
Specifically, she adds increasing levels of glucose at a saturating concentration of phosphate and sees that the rate at which glucose becomes phosphorylated gets faster at higher levels of glucose.
She observes that this rate approaches a maximum speed and calls this speed Y.
She then determines the concentration of glucose that is needed to make the enzyme function at half the speed Y and calls this concentration X.
She is 4 cm dilated and 80% effaced.
Fetal heart tracing shows a pulse of 155/min with variable decelerations.
About 12 hours after presentation, she gives birth to a 6 lb 15 oz baby boy with APGAR scores of 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
She immigrated to the United States from Korea at the age of 20.
She says that her heart is racing and she has never felt these symptoms before.
Her cough is dry and is associated with shortness of breath that occurs with minimal exertion.
Her past medical history is otherwise unremarkable.
She has no allergies and is not currently taking any medications.
She is a nonsmoker and an occasional drinker.
She denies illicit drug use.
Her blood pressure is 100/65 mm Hg, pulse is 76/min, respiratory rate is 23/min, and temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F).
Her physical examination is significant for bibasilar lung crackles and a non-radiating, low-pitched, mid-diastolic rumbling murmur best heard at the apical region.
In addition, she has jugular vein distention and bilateral pitting edema in her lower extremities.
His mother informs the doctor that she had a mild fever with rash, muscle pain, and swollen and tender lymph nodes during the second month of gestation.
The boy was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery with no prenatal care.
On physical examination, the neonate has normal vital signs.
Retinal examination reveals the findings shown in the image.
He is lethargic and confused and has a severe headache, vomiting, and a high-grade fever since earlier that day.
His mother reports that the child was doing well until 2 days ago when he developed a fever and green nasal discharge.
The patient has a history of neonatal sepsis, meningococcemia at 18 months of age, and pneumococcal pneumonia at 2 and 3 years of age.
His scheduled vaccinations are up to date.
His blood pressure is 70/50 mm Hg, heart rate is 120/min, respiratory rate is 22/min, and temperature is 39.3°C (102.4°F).
On examination, the child is lethargic and his skin is pale, with several petechiae over his buttocks.
There is a purulent nasal discharge from both nostrils.
The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Heart sounds are normal.
There is marked neck rigidity.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 30 years but quit smoking 1 year ago.
She lives with her daughter and her granddaughter, who attends daycare.
Her temperature is 38.1°C (101°F).
Physical examination shows bilateral conjunctivitis, rhinorrhea, and erythematous tonsils without exudates.
Further testing confirms infection with an enveloped orthomyxovirus.
The lesion is removed with clear margins.
However, during the surgery, a structure lying directly adjacent to the superior thyroid artery at the upper pole of the thyroid lobe is damaged.
While waiting to be seen, he quickly becomes disoriented and agitated.
Upon examination, he has visible signs of difficulty breathing with copious oral secretions and generalized muscle twitching.
The patient’s temperature is 104°F (40°C), blood pressure is 90/64 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 18/min with an oxygen saturation of 90% on room air.
When the nurse tries to place a nasal cannula, the patient becomes fearful and combative.
The patient is sedated and placed on mechanical ventilation.
The patient is otherwise healthy and is complaining of pain.
The patient is able to offer the history himself.
His temperature is 97.6°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 120/84 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam demonstrates a 3 cm laceration 1 cm inferior to the mastoid process on the right side.
The patient's breath sounds are clear and he is protecting his airway.
No stridor or difficulty breathing is noted.
The patient denies pain, but states that the mass bothers her because “it moves when I swallow”.
The physical examination reveals a midline neck mass that is above the hyoid bone but below the level of the mandible.
The mass is minimally mobile and feels fluctuant without erythema.
The patient is afebrile and all vital signs are stable.
A complete blood count and thyroid function tests are performed and are within normal limits.
She says that lately, she has started to notice difficulty walking.
She says that some of her friends have joked that she appears to be walking as if she was drunk.
Past medical history is significant for Crohn disease diagnosed 2 years ago, managed with natalizumab for the past year because her intestinal symptoms have become severe and unresponsive to other therapies.
On physical examination, there is gait and limb ataxia present.
Strength is 4/5 in the right upper limb.
A T1/T2 MRI of the brain is ordered and is shown.
She says that she has mild lower abdominal cramps and is feeling dizzy and weak.
Her blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, the pulse is 100/min, and the respiration rate is 15/min.
She says that she has had light spotting over the last 3 days, but today the bleeding increased markedly and she also noticed the passage of clots.
She says that she has changed three pads since the morning.
She has also noticed that the nausea she was experiencing over the past few days has subsided.
The physician examines her and notes that the cervical os is open and blood is pooling in the vagina.
Products of conception can be visualized in the os.
The patient is prepared for a suction curettage.
The mother states that the boy has been very fussy and has not been feeding recently.
The mother thinks the baby has been gaining weight despite not feeding well.
The boy was delivered vaginally at 39 weeks gestation without complications.
On physical examination, the boy is noted to be crying in his mother’s arms.
There is no evidence of cyanosis, and the cardiac examination is within normal limits.
The crying intensifies when the abdomen is palpated.
The abdomen is distended with tympany in the left lower quadrant.
You suspect a condition caused by the failure of specialized cells to migrate.
He says the pain starts in his buttocks and extends to his thighs and down to his calves.
Previously, the pain resolved with rest, but the pain now persists in his feet, even during rest.
His past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cigarette smoking.
The vital signs are within normal limits.
The physical examination shows an atrophied leg with bilateral loss of hair.
He states that he had experienced similar symptoms when playing basketball.
The medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and GERD, for which he takes metformin, hydrochlorothiazide, and pantoprazole, respectively.
The blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg, the pulse is 100/min, and the respirations are 15/min.
The ECG reveals ST elevation in leads V3-V6.
He is hospitalized for an acute MI and started on treatment.
The next day he complains of dizziness and blurred vision.
Repeat vital signs were as follows: blood pressure 90/60 mm Hg, pulse 72/min, and respirations 12/min.
She has had three days of fever and headache followed by one day of worsening confusion and hallucinations.
She also becomes agitated when offered water.
Her temperature is 101°F (38.3°C).
Two months prior to presentation, the couple was camping and encountered bats in their cabin.
He has hypertension treated with hydrochlorothiazide.
His mother had chronic granulomatous disease of the lung.
He works in a glass manufacturing plant.
He has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 38 years.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies are within the reference range.
An x-ray of the chest is shown.
The newborn presents with vomiting, hyperventilation, lethargy, and seizures.
Blood work demonstrates hyperammonemia, elevated glutamine levels, and decreased blood urea nitrogen.
A CT scan demonstrates cerebral edema.
They are not itchy or painful.
He does not have fever or a sore throat.
He was treated for candidal esophagitis 3 months ago.
He is sexually active with his wife, who knows of his condition, and uses condoms consistently.
He is currently receiving triple antiretroviral therapy with lamivudine, abacavir, and efavirenz.
He is 175 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 58 kg (128 lb); BMI is 18.8 kg/m2.
Examination shows multiple skin colored papules over his face and neck with a dimpled center.
Cervical lymphadenopathy is present.
The remainder of the examination is unremarkable.
His hemoglobin concentration is 12.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 4,900/mm3, and platelet count is 143,000/mm3; serum studies and urinalysis show no abnormalities.
CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 312/mm3 (normal ≥ 500).
He also reports excessive night sweats and a 5.4-kg (12-lb) weight loss during this time.
He has a neck swelling for 4 days.
Physical examination shows a nontender, enlarged, and fixed supraclavicular lymph node.
There is splenomegaly.
A CT scan of the thorax and abdomen shows massively enlarged axillary, mediastinal, and cervical lymph nodes.
Analysis of an excised cervical lymph node shows lymphocytes with a high proliferative index that stain positive for CD20.
She was diagnosed with gestational diabetes during her second trimester, but admits to poor glucose control and non-adherence to insulin therapy.
Fetal ultrasound reveals an asymmetric, enlarged interventricular septum, left ventricular outflow tract obstruction, and significantly reduced ejection fraction.
In this hospital, several of the wards adopted new aspects of "patient satisfaction" driven healthcare, whereas the remainder of the hospital continued to use existing protocols.
Baseline population characteristics and demographics were collected at the start of the study.
At the end of the following year, hospital use was assessed and compared between the two groups.
An ophthalmologist’s exam was also performed on all patients as the gold standard for diagnosis.
In a pilot study of 500 patients, the screening test detected the presence of diabetic retinopathy in 250 patients.
Ophthalmologist exam confirmed a diagnosis of diabetic retinopathy in 200 patients who tested positive in the screening test, as well as 10 patients who tested negative in the screening test.
You conduct a 3-phased experiment with the participant.
In the first phase, you get him to lift up a 2.3 kg (5 lb) weight off a table with his left hand.
In the second phase, you get him to do 20 burpees, taking his heart rate to 150/min.
In the third phase, you electrically stimulate his gastrocnemius with a frequency of 50 Hz.
You are interested in the tension and electrical activity of specific muscles as follows: Biceps in phase 1, cardiac muscle in phase 2, and gastrocnemius in phase 3.
The patient states that the lateral aspect of his knee collided with another player's knee.
On exam, the patient's right knee appears the same size as his left knee without any swelling or effusion.
The patient has intact sensation and strength in both lower extremities.
The patient's right knee has no laxity upon varus stress test, but is more lax upon valgus stress test when compared to his left knee.
Lachman's test and posterior drawer test both have firm endpoints without laxity.
The swelling is most severe in the morning and milder by bedtime.
Ten days ago, he had a sore throat that resolved spontaneously.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 88/52 mm Hg.
Examination shows 3+ pitting edema of the lower extremities and periorbital edema.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 15.3 g/dL
Leukocyte count 10,500/mm3
Platelet count 480,000/mm3
Serum
Urea nitrogen 36 mg/dL
Glucose 67 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL
Albumin 2.6 mg/dL
Urine
Blood negative
Glucose negative
Protein 4+
RBC none
WBC 0–1/hpf
Fatty casts numerous
Protein/creatinine ratio 6.8 (N ≤0.2)
Serum complement concentrations are within the reference ranges.
He denies any past medical history besides a recent anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tear that was repaired 1 week ago.
The patient reports that the paresthesias are mostly located along the posterior forearms, left more than the right.
This incident is reported to the authorities.
A thorough investigation reveals various causative factors leading to the event.
One important finding is a verbal misunderstanding of the dose of phenytoin between the ordering senior resident and the receiving first-year resident during the handover of the patient.
On the morning of an important playoff game, an EKG of a star player, Mr. P, shows findings suspicious for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM).
Mr. P is an otherwise healthy, fit, professional athlete.
The playoff game that night is the most important of Mr. P's career.
When you inform the coach that you are thinking of restricting Mr. P's participation, he threatens to fire you.
Later that day you receive a phone call from the owner of the team threatening a lawsuit should you restrict Mr. P's ability to play.
Mr. P states that he will be playing in the game "if it's the last thing I do."
She is otherwise healthy, and takes no medications.
Her vital signs are: T 38.0, HR 96 beats per minute, BP 110/73, and O2 sat 96% on room air.
Examination reveals a somewhat ill-appearing woman; she is drowsy but arousable and has no focal neurological deficits.
Initial laboratory studies are notable for hematocrit 26%, platelets of 80,000/mL, and serum creatinine of 1.5 mg/dL.
Her mother reports that she previously breastfed her for 15 minutes every 2 hours but now feeds her for 40 minutes every 4 hours.
The infant has six wet diapers and two stools daily.
She currently weighs 3500 g (7.7 lb) and is 52 cm (20.4 in) in length.
Vital signs are with normal limits.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows a grade 4/6 continuous murmur heard best at the left infraclavicular area.
Over the past 2 weeks, she has also developed progressive lower extremity swelling and a 3-kg (7-lb) weight gain.
She has a history of chronic hepatitis B infection, which was diagnosed 10 years ago.
She frequently flies from California to New York for business.
She appears fatigued.
Her pulse is 98/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 135/75 mm Hg.
Examination shows periorbital edema, a distended abdomen, and 2+ edema of the lower extremities.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows a nodular liver with ascites, a large right kidney with abundant collateral vessels, and a filling defect in the right renal vein.
Urinalysis shows 4+ protein, positive glucose, and fatty casts.
The pain is worse at night and after heavy meals.
He has taken oral pantoprazole for several months without any relief of his symptoms.
Esophagogastroduodenoscopy shows ulcerations in the distal esophagus and a proximally dislocated Z-line.
A biopsy of the distal esophagus shows columnar epithelium with goblet cells.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
She is 173 cm (5 ft 8 in) tall and weighs 54 kg (120 lb); BMI is 18 kg/m2.
Physical examination shows bilateral white spots on the temporal half of the conjunctiva, dry skin, and a hard neck mass in the anterior midline that does not move with swallowing.
Urinalysis after a D-xylose meal shows an increase in renal D-xylose excretion.
Past medical history is remarkable for stage 1 systemic hypertension and hepatitis A infection diagnosed 10 years ago.
He takes aspirin, rosuvastatin, enalapril daily, and a magnesium supplement every once in a while.
He is planning to visit Ecuador for a week-long vacation and is concerned about malaria prophylaxis before his travel.
The physician advised taking 1 primaquine pill every day while he is there and for 7 consecutive days after leaving Ecuador.
On the third day of his trip, the patient develops an acute onset headache, dizziness, shortness of breath, and fingertips and toes turning blue.
His blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 94/min, respiratory rate is 22/min, temperature is 36.9℃ (98.4℉), and blood oxygen saturation is 97% in room air.
While drawing blood for his laboratory workup, the nurse notes that his blood has a chocolate brown color.
Her pregnancy has been uncomplicated.
Her first child was born at term by vaginal delivery.
She has no history of serious illness.
She does not drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes.
Current medications include vitamin supplements.
Her temperature is 37.2°C (98.9°F), pulse is 70/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 128/82 mm Hg.
Speculum examination demonstrates clear fluid in the cervical canal.
The fetal heart rate is reactive at 160/min with no decelerations.
Tocometry shows uterine contractions.
Nitrazine testing is positive.
She is started on indomethacin.
They do not know which medication it was she ingested.
The patient is slipping in and out of consciousness and is unable to offer any history.
Her temperature is 39.6°C (103.2°F), the heart rate is 135/min, the blood pressure is 178/98 mm Hg, and the respiratory rate is 16/min.
On physical examination, there is significant muscle rigidity without tremor or clonus.
She has had upper back pain for 3 months, which is worse after activity.
She takes ibuprofen for pain relief.
She has no history of smoking.
The temperature is 39.5°C (103.1°F), the blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, the pulse is 95/min, and the respirations are 22/min.
Lung auscultation shows rales in the left lower lobe area.
Painful lymph nodes (1 × 1 cm) are palpated in the left axillary and cervical regions.
There is point tenderness along several thoracic vertebrae.
Laboratory studies are pending.
A skull X-ray and lung window thoracic computed tomography scan are shown.
She says that she woke up 2 days ago with a number of painful blisters in her mouth and has since been continuing to develop blisters of her cutaneous skin all over her body and the mucosa of her mouth.
She has no past medical history and has never experienced these symptoms before.
Physical exam reveals a diffuse vesicular rash with painful, flaccid blisters that separate easily with gentle rubbing.
He was born at term and did not have difficulty feeding previously.
His temperature is 39.4°C (103°F), pulse is 220/min, respirations are 45/min, and blood pressure is 50/30 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on 100% oxygen shows an oxygen saturation of 97%.
Examination shows dry mucous membranes, delayed capillary refill time, and cool skin with poor turgor.
Despite multiple attempts by the nursing staff, they are unable to establish peripheral intravenous access.
Over the past 2 weeks, he has also had progressive abdominal pain and a 4-kg (8.8-lb) weight loss.
The mother reports that her son has been drinking more water than usual during this period.
Last week he wet his bed three times despite being completely toilet-trained since 3 years of age.
His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 128/min, respirations are 35/min, and blood pressure is 95/55 mm Hg.
He appears lethargic.
Physical examination shows deep and labored breathing and dry mucous membranes.
The abdomen is soft, and there is diffuse tenderness to palpation with no guarding or rebound.
Serum laboratory studies show:
Na+ 133 mEq/L
K+ 5.9 mEq/L
Cl- 95 mEq/L
HCO3- 13 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 25 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
Urine dipstick is positive for ketones and glucose.
His blood pressure is within normal limits.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 79% in the right hand and 61% in the left foot.
Physical examination shows bluish discoloration of the face and trunk, supraclavicular and intercostal retractions, and a machine-like murmur over the precordium.
Bedside echocardiography shows pulmonary and systemic circulation are in parallel rather than in series.
His height corresponds to the 99th percentile for his age, and pubic hair is present upon physical examination.
Serum renin and potassium levels are high, as is 17-hydroxyprogesterone.
She reports a 2-week history of rapid onset sadness with no clear inciting factor.
She is accompanied by her husband who notes that she has had at least three similar episodes that have occurred over the past two years.
He also notes that she has been “more emotional” lately and seems confused throughout the day.
She has had to leave her job as a librarian at her child’s elementary school.
Her past medical history is notable for two diagnostic laparoscopies for recurrent episodes of abdominal pain of unknown etiology.
Her family history is notable for psychosis in her mother and maternal grandfather.
Her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 125/75 mmHg, pulse is 75/min, and respirations are 17/min.
On exam, she is disheveled and appears confused and disoriented.
Her attention span is limited and she exhibits emotional lability.
The patient has no complaints currently and just wants to be sure that she is in good health.
The patient has a past medical history of asthma, hypertension, and anxiety.
Her current medications include albuterol, fluticasone, hydrochlorothiazide, lisinopril, and fexofenadine.
Her temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 165/95 mmHg, pulse is 70/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On exam, you note a healthy young woman with a lean habitus.
Cardiac exam reveals a S1 and S2 heart sound with a normal rate.
Pulmonary exam is clear to auscultation bilaterally with good air movement.
Abdominal exam reveals a bruit, normoactive bowel sounds, and an audible borborygmus.
Neurological exam reveals cranial nerves II-XII as grossly intact with normal strength and reflexes in the upper and lower extremities.
He has also been feeling tired and nauseous for the past 6 weeks.
On examination, scleral icterus is present.
Abdominal examination shows tenderness to palpation in the right upper quadrant.
The liver edge is palpated 2 cm below the right costal margin.
He has not yet received any childhood vaccinations.
Two days after admission, the patient develops shortness of breath.
Pulse oximetry shows an oxygen saturation of 64%.
Despite resuscitative efforts, the patient dies of respiratory failure.
At autopsy, examination of the spinal cord shows destruction of the anterior horn cells.
She complains of numbness around her lips and a tingling sensation in her hands and feet.
She underwent near-total thyroidectomy for an enlarged thyroid gland a month ago.
Vital signs include: blood pressure is 130/70 mm Hg, pulse is 72/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
A surgical incision scar is present in the anterior aspect of the neck.
The attending physician inflates the blood pressure cuff above 150 mm Hg and observes the patient a couple of minutes while measuring her blood pressure.
The patient develops sudden stiffness and tingling in her hand.
Blood test results are as follows:
Hemoglobin (Hb%) 10.2 g/dL
White blood cell count 7000/mm3
Platelet count 160,000/mm3
Calcium, serum (Ca2+) 6.0 mg/dL
Albumin 4 g/dL
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), serum 15 U/L
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST), serum 8 U/L
Serum creatinine 0.5 mg/dL
Urea 27 mg/dL
Sodium 137 mEq/L
Potassium 4.5 mEq/L
Magnesium 2.5 mEq/L
Urinalysis shows no white or red blood cells and leukocyte esterase is negative.
As she begins, her heart rate accelerates from a resting pulse of 60 bpm until it reaches a rate of 120 bpm, at which point she begins to feel a tightening in her chest.
She stops walking to rest and the tightening resolves.
This has been happening to her consistently for the last 6 months.
She recently started a new relationship with her boyfriend, who is her only sexual partner.
He does not report any genitourinary symptoms.
She takes oral contraceptives and does not use  barrier contraception.
The medical history is unremarkable.
The vital signs are within normal limits.
A gynecologic examination reveals a thin, yellow, frothy vaginal discharge with a musty, unpleasant odor and numerous punctate red maculae on the ectocervix.
The remainder of the exam is normal.
Her symptoms occur every evening before bedtime and last for about 30 minutes.
Three months ago, atorvastatin was stopped after she experienced progressively worsening neck and back pain.
Statin therapy was reinitiated at lower doses 3 weeks ago but had to be stopped again after her musculoskeletal symptoms recurred.
Her menses occur irregularly at 2–3 month intervals and last for 3–4 days.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 30 years.
Her current medications include lisinopril and niacin.
Her brother died of colonic adenocarcinoma, and her father died of small cell lung cancer.
She is 169 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 83 kg (183 lb); BMI is 29 kg/m2.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
On the third postoperative day when the dressing was changed, the surgical wound appeared to be intact, slightly swollen, and had a clear secretion.
He has a history of diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension.
Current medications include metformin, enalapril, and simvastatin.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 94/min, and blood pressure is 130/88 mm Hg.
His right knee is swollen, erythematous, and tender to palpation.
There is pain on movement of the joint.
The medial parapatellar skin incision appears superficially opened in its proximal and distal part with yellow-green discharge.
There is blackening of the skin on both sides of the incision.
She also reports malaise and generalized muscle aches.
She works as a teacher at a local high school, where there was recently an outbreak of influenza.
She has a history of intermittent asthma, for which she takes albuterol as needed.
She declined the influenza vaccine offered in the fall because her sister told her that a friend developed a flulike illness after receiving the vaccine.
She is worried about possibly becoming ill and cannot afford to miss work.
Her temperature is 37.9°C (100.3°F), heart rate is 58/min, and her respirations are 12/min.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Her hemoglobin concentration is 14.5 g/dL, leukocyte count is 9,400/mm3, and platelet count is 280,000/mm3.
He was rushed to the hospital after developing progressive respiratory distress over the last 24 hours.
His medical history is significant for long-standing severe persistent asthma, hypertension, and several bouts of community and hospital-acquired pneumonia.
His medications include amlodipine, lisinopril, inhaled fluticasone, salmeterol, and oral prednisone.
He is a lifelong non-smoker and drinks alcohol occasionally on the weekends.
He works as a sales executive and went to Hawaii a month ago.
In the emergency department, he was started on broad-spectrum antibiotics and bronchodilators.
His respiratory failure progressively worsens, and on day 2 of admission, he requires mechanical ventilator support.
Chest X-ray shows multiple nodules bilaterally in the lower lobes.
Flexible bronchoscopy is performed and the bronchoalveolar lavage sample from the medial segment of the right lower lobe shows neutrophils, and the fungal preparation shows Aspergillus fumigatus.
A video-assisted thoracoscopy is performed and biopsy from the right lower lobe is taken which shows plugging of the terminal bronchioles with mucus, inflammatory cells, and fungal vascular invasion.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 50 years and drinks one alcoholic beverage daily.
He appears emaciated.
He is 175 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 47 kg (103 lb); BMI is 15 kg/m2.
He is diagnosed with gastric cancer.
Two weeks ago, she returned from a vacation to Brazil, where she spent most of her days exploring the city of Rio de Janeiro on foot.
She also gained 3 kg (7 lb) during her vacation.
She has systemic lupus erythematosus.
Her only medication is hydroxychloroquine.
Her temperature is 37.5°C (99.5°F), pulse is 78/min, and blood pressure is 162/98 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows 2+ pretibial edema bilaterally.
She is currently undergoing chemotherapy with an agent that forms cross-links between DNA strands.
Serum studies show a creatinine concentration of 2.1 mg/dL and a blood urea nitrogen concentration of 30 mg/dL.
Urine dipstick of a clean-catch midstream specimen shows 2+ protein and 1+ glucose.
Prior to initiation of chemotherapy, her laboratory values were within the reference range.
She does not have pain with intercourse.
Eleven years ago, she had LSIL on a routine Pap smear and testing for high-risk HPV strains was positive.
Colposcopy showed CIN 1.
She has not returned for follow-up Pap smears since then.
She is sexually active with her husband only, and they do not use condoms.
She has smoked half a pack of cigarettes per day for the past 25 years and does not drink alcohol.
On speculum exam, a 1.4 cm, erythematous exophytic mass with ulceration is noted on the posterior wall of the upper third of the vagina.
He has not had any fever, dysuria, or abdominal pain.
He has no history of serious illness.
Physical examination shows scleral icterus.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin of 9.7 g/dL and serum lactate dehydrogenase of 234 U/L.
Peripheral blood smear shows poikilocytes with bite-shaped irregularities.
The study enrolled 250 patients with confirmed AIDS, and 240 of these patients demonstrated a positive screening examination.
The control arm of the study enrolled 250 patients who do not have AIDS, and only 5 of these patients tested positive on the novel screening examination.
Her obstetrician counsels her that there is a risk the baby could have significant pulmonary distress after it is born.
However, she states she will administer a drug to the mother to help prevent this from occurring.
The odds ratio of congenital malformations in newborns born to women who were undergoing treatment with phenytoin is 1.74 (P = 0.02) compared to newborns of women who were not treated with phenytoin.
The patient’s father, a mechanic, says the boy accidentally ingested an unknown amount of radiator fluid.
The patient’s vital signs are: temperature 37.1°C (98.8.F), pulse 116/min, blood pressure 98/78 mm Hg, and respiratory rate 42/min.
On physical examination, cardiopulmonary auscultation reveals deep, rapid respirations with no wheezing, rhonchi, or crepitations.
An ABG reveals the blood pH to be 7.2 with an anion gap of 16 mEq/L.
Urinalysis reveals the presence of oxalate crystals.
The lesions have progressively increased in size and are not painful or pruritic.
Current medications include abacavir, dolutegravir, and lamivudine.
A photograph of the lesions is shown.
His CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 450/mm3 (normal ≥ 500/mm3).
A skin biopsy shows multiple spindle-shaped cells and lymphocytic infiltrate.
The patient is on the college wrestling team and is concerned he will not be able to compete if it gets infected.
He has no significant medical history, and his vital signs are within normal limits.
On examination, there is an erythematous, scaly plaque with central clearing at approximately the level of rib 6 on the left side of his torso.
Rapidly, over the next few months his symptoms increase in severity.
He experiences a rapid mental deterioration associated with sudden, jerking movements, particularly in response to being startled.
He has gait disturbances as well.
Eventually, he lapses into a coma and dies approximately ten months after the onset of symptoms.
One week ago, she increased her basal insulin dose because of inadequate control of her glucose concentrations.
Neurologic examination shows hyporeflexia.
An ECG shows T-wave flattening and diffuse ST-segment depression.
The patient was born at 38 weeks gestation to a 36-year-old gravida 3 via cesarean section for fetal distress.
The patient’s mother received inconsistent prenatal care, and the delivery was uncomplicated.
The patient’s Apgar evaluation was notable for acrocyanosis at both 1 and 5 minutes of life.
The patient’s mother denies any family history of congenital heart disease.
The patient’s father has a past medical history of hypertension, and one of the patient’s older siblings was recently diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder.
The patient’s birth weight was 3180 g (7 lb 0 oz).
In the hospital nursery, his temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 66/37 mmHg, pulse is 179/min, and respirations are 42/min.
On physical exam, the patient is in moderate distress.
He has low-set ears, orbital hypertelorism, and a cleft palate.
The patient is centrally cyanotic.
A chest CT shows thymic hypoplasia.
Echocardiography demonstrates a single vessel emanating from both the right and left ventricle.
She appears nervous.
Her pulse is 115/min and irregularly irregular, and blood pressure is 139/86 mmHg.
Examination shows a fine tremor on both hands and digital swelling; the extremities are warm.
There is retraction of the right upper eyelid.
The patient has a history of Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and was binge drinking the night prior with friends at a local bar.
The patient is brought to the emergency department, where vital signs are as follow: T 97.3 F, HR 119 bpm, BP 110/68 mmHg, RR 24, SpO2 100% on RA.
On physical exam, the patient is clammy to touch, mucous membranes are tacky, and she is generally drowsy and disoriented.
Finger stick glucose is 342 mg/dL; additional lab work reveals: Na: 146 K: 5.6 Cl: 99 HCO3: 12 BUN: 18 Cr: 0.74.
Arterial Blood Gas reveals: pH 7.26, PCO2 21, PO2 102.
He has had similar episodes of epigastric pain in the past.
He drinks 8 oz of vodka daily.
Five days after admission, the patient develops aspiration pneumonia and sepsis.
Despite appropriate therapy, the patient dies.
At autopsy, the pancreas appears gray, enlarged, and nodular.
Microscopic examination of the pancreas shows localized deposits of calcium.
He has entered a clinical trial that is studying the interaction of certain neuromediators in patients with similar (CAG) n trinucleotide repeat disorders.
Current medications include atenolol, lisinopril, and atorvastatin.
His pulse is 86/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 145/95 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination is shown.
The patient has pleuritic chest pain, progressive dyspnea, and dry cough.
There is no history of orthopnea or paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea.
On examination, the patient is afebrile and pericardial friction rub is noted.
ECG shows diffuse ST-segment elevation in V1-V4 along with T wave inversion.
Chest X-ray and CT scan show anterior and inferior pericardial eggshell calcification.
Echocardiography reveals thickened pericardium and signs of diastolic right ventricular collapse.
Pericardial fluid is sent for Ziehl-Neelsen staining to detect acid-fast bacilli.
Mycobacterium tuberculosis is detected by PCR.
She was born at 29 weeks of gestation.
Her routine immunizations are up-to-date.
She is currently in the 4th percentile for length and 2nd percentile for weight.
She appears ill.
Her temperature is 39.1°C (102.3°F).
Physical examination shows diffuse wheezing, subcostal retractions, and bluish discoloration of the fingertips.
She develops a macular rash on her neck, back, and torso.
The amoxicillin is therefore changed to cephalexin for an additional week.
The rash resolves, but she returns complaining of fatigue, flank pain, and fever that has persisted despite the resolution of the sinusitis.
She has a history of essential hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and gastric reflux.
She has been on a stable regimen of lisinopril, simvastatin, and omeprazole.
Today, her vital signs reveal: temperature 37.9°C (100.2°F), blood pressure 145/90 mm Hg, regular pulse 75/min, and respirations 16/min.
The physical examination is unremarkable.
Serum urea and creatinine are elevated.
Urinalysis shows leukocyturia, but urine bacterial culture is negative.
A urine cytospin stained with Hansel’s solution reveals 3% binucleated cells with eosinophilic, granular cytoplasm.
He is largely asymptomatic, but he demonstrates a persistent microcytic anemia despite iron supplementation.
Colonoscopy performed 3 years earlier was unremarkable.
His past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type II, hypertension, acute lymphoblastic leukemia as a child, and hypercholesterolemia.
He currently smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a glass of pinot grigio per day, and currently denies any illicit drug use.
His vital signs include: temperature, 36.7°C (98.0°F); blood pressure, 126/74 mm Hg; heart rate, 87/min; and respiratory rate, 17/min.
On physical examination, his pulses are bounding, complexion is pale, but breath sounds remain clear.
Oxygen saturation was initially 91% on room air, with a new oxygen requirement of 2 L by nasal cannula.
She mentions that she noticed the swelling suddenly one day and thought it would resolve by itself.
Instead, it has been slowly increasing in size.
On physical examination of the breasts, the physician notes a single non-tender, hard, and fixed nodule over left breast.
An ultrasonogram of the breast shows a solid mass, and a fine-needle aspiration biopsy confirms the mass to be lobular carcinoma of the breast.
When the patient asks about her prognosis, the physician says that the prognosis can be best determined after both grading and staging of the tumor.
Based on the current diagnostic information, the physician says that they can only grade, but no stage, the neoplasm.
She was brought to the emergency department immediately and presented with severe abdominal pain.
The patient is anxious, and her hands and feet feel very cold to the touch.
There is no evidence of bone fractures, superficial skin wounds, or a foreign body penetration.
Her blood pressure is 102/67 mm Hg, respirations are 19/min, pulse is 87/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F).
Her abdominal exam reveals rigidity and severe tenderness.
A Foley catheter and nasogastric tube are inserted.
The central venous pressure (CVP) is 5 cm H2O.
The medical history is significant for hypertension.
She also notes difficulty breathing for the last three days.
Eight weeks ago, she underwent left hemicolectomy for adenocarcinoma of the colon.
She subsequently developed a severe urinary tract infection, was treated in the intensive care unit for four days, and was discharged from the hospital three weeks ago.
She has type 2 diabetes mellitus, osteoporosis with lumbar pain, hypertension, and atrial fibrillation.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 50 years.
She does not drink alcohol and has never used illicit drugs.
Current medications include warfarin, metformin, lisinopril, and aspirin.
She appears lethargic and has a large conjunctival hemorrhage in her left eye.
Her temperature is 39.3°C (102.7°F), pulse is 112/min, respirations are 25/min, and blood pressure is 126/79 mm Hg.
Cardiac auscultation reveals a new holosystolic murmur over the apex.
Abdominal examination shows mild, diffuse tenderness throughout the upper quadrants and a well-healed 12-cm paramedian scar.
There are multiple tender nodules on the palmar surface of her fingertips.
Funduscopic examination shows retinal hemorrhages with pale centers.
An ECG shows atrial fibrillation and right bundle branch block.
She has been unable to control her cough and also is finding it increasingly difficult to breathe.
The cough has been persistent for about 2 months now, but 2 weeks ago she started noticing streaks of blood in the sputum regularly after coughing.
Over the course of 4 months, she has also observed an unusual loss of 10 kg (22 lb) in her weight.
She has an unchanged appetite and remains fairly active, which makes her suspicious as to the cause of her weight loss.
Another troublesome concern for her is that on a couple occasions over the past few weeks, she has observed herself drenched in sweat when she wakes up in the morning.
Other than having a 35 pack-year smoking history, her medical history is insignificant.
She is sent for a chest X-ray which shows a central nodule of about 13 mm located in the hilar region.
His current symptoms started 1 week ago and initially consisted of a sore throat and a runny nose.
He subsequently developed a fever and productive cough that has become worse over time.
Notably, this patient has previously presented with pneumonia and gastroenteritis 8 times since he was born.
On presentation, the patient's temperature is 103°F (39.4°C), blood pressure is 90/50 mmHg, pulse is 152/min, and respirations are 38/min.
Based on clinical suspicion, an antibody panel is obtained and the results show low levels of IgG and IgA relative to the level of IgM.
He says that he is homeless and has not visited a physician in the past 20 years.
He is 183 cm (6 ft 0 in) tall and weighs 62 kg (137 lb); BMI is 18.5 kg/m2.
His blood pressure is 154/88 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows pallor, multiple cutaneous excoriations, and decreased sensation over the lower extremities.
Serum studies show:
Calcium 7.2 mg/dL
Phosphorus 5.1 mg/dL
Glucose 221 mg/dL
Creatinine 4.5 mg/dL
An x-ray of the spine shows alternating sclerotic and radiolucent bands in the lumbar and thoracic vertebral bodies.
The patient states it started yesterday and has been steadily worsening.
She recently joined a volleyball team to try to get into shape as she was informed that weight loss would be beneficial for her at her last physical exam.
She states that she has been repetitively pivoting and twisting on her knee while playing volleyball.
The patient has a past medical history of polycystic ovarian syndrome and is currently taking oral contraceptive pills.
Her temperature is 98.5°F (36.9°C), blood pressure is 137/88 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam reveals an obese woman with facial hair.
Physical exam is notable for tenderness that is mediated with palpation over the medial aspect of the tibia just inferior to the patella.
Her BMI is 37 kg/m^2.
The rest of the exam of the lower extremity is not remarkable.
She has no history of serious illness except for a bicuspid aortic valve, diagnosed 10 years ago.
She does not use illicit drugs.
Her temperature is 37.7°C (99.9°F).
Physical examination shows petechiae under the fingernails and multiple tender, red nodules on the fingers.
A new grade 2/6 diastolic murmur is heard at the right second intercostal space.
The patient states that he feels weakness and numbness in both of his legs.
He also reports pain in his lower back.
His airway, breathing, and circulation is intact, and he is conversational.
Neurologic exam is significant for bilateral lower extremity flaccid paralysis and impaired pain and temperature sensation up to T10-T11 with normal vibration sense.
A computerized tomography scan of the spine is performed which shows a vertebral burst fracture of the vertebral body at the level of T11.
A recent endometrial biopsy confirmed endometrial cancer, and the patient is scheduled for total abdominal hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.
Past medical history is significant for stress incontinence and diabetes mellitus type 2.
Menarche was at age 11 and menopause was at age 55.
The patient has 4 healthy children from uncomplicated pregnancies, who were all formula fed.
Current medications are topical estrogen and metformin.
Family history is significant for breast cancer in her grandmother at age 80.
His vital signs include: blood pressure 110/80 mm Hg, pulse rate 100/min, and respirations 10/min and shallow.
On physical examination, his extremities are cold and clammy.
Pupils are constricted and non-reactive.
His blood glucose is 55 mg/dL.
IV access is established immediately with the administration of dextrose and naloxone.
In half an hour, the patient is fully conscious, alert and responsive.
He denies any medical illnesses, hospitalizations, or surgeries in the past.
Physical examination reveals injection track marks along both arms.
He admits to the use of cocaine and heroin.
He smokes cigarettes and consumes alcohol.
His vital signs are now stable.
A urine sample is sent for toxicology screening.
She has tried using a splint but receives minimal relief.
She is an analyst for a large consulting firm and spends most of her workday in front of a computer.
Upon examination, you noticed that the patient has a prominent jaw and her hands appear disproportionately large.
Her temperature is 99 deg F (37.2 deg C), blood pressure is 154/72 mmHg, pulse is 87/min, respirations are 12/min.
A fasting basic metabolic panel shows: Na: 138 mEq/L, K: 4.1 mEq/L, Cl: 103 mEq/L, CO2: 24 mEq/L, BUN: 12 mg/dL, Cr: 0.8 mg/dL, Glucose: 163 mg/dL.
There was an empty bottle of clomipramine in her bedroom which her mother takes for her depression.
Vital signs include the following: respiratory rate 8/min, pulse 130/min, and blood pressure 100/60 mm Hg.
On physical examination, the patient is unresponsive to vocal and tactile stimuli.
Oral mucosa and tongue are dry, and the bladder is palpable.
A bedside electrocardiogram (ECG) shows widening of the QRS complexes.
The girl was born in Guatemala, and soon after her birth, her parents moved to the United States so that they could access better healthcare.
During pregnancy, the mother had little prenatal care, but labor and delivery were uneventful.
However, the newborn had significant abdominal distention immediately at birth that increased when she ate or yawned.
She failed to pass stool in the first 24 hours of life and had greenish-black vomitus.
The parents report similar symptoms in other family members.
After diagnosis, the girl underwent a procedure that alleviated her symptoms; however, there was no remission.
Her abdominal X-ray (see the first image) and barium contrast enema (second image) from when she was born is shown.
Her blood pressure is 100/68 mm Hg, heart rate is 96/min, respiratory rate is 19/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F).
The girl is in the 10th percentile for height and weight.
On physical exam, she has periumbilical and midepigastric tenderness to palpation without rebound tenderness or guarding.
There is a slight genu varum deformity and bony tenderness noted in her legs.
She has foul-smelling flatulation 2–3 times during the visit.
Her rectosphincteric reflex is intact.
She has decreased fecal elastase and a negative D-xylose test.
She involuntarily loses a small amount of urine after experiencing a sudden, painful sensation in the bladder.
She wakes up at night several times to urinate, and she sometimes cannot make it to the bathroom in time.
She has diabetes mellitus type 2 controlled with insulin and a history of pelvic organ prolapse, for which she underwent surgical treatment 5 years ago.
Menopause was 11 years ago.
She drinks 4-5 cups of coffee daily.
Pelvic examination shows no abnormalities, and a Q-tip test is negative.
Ultrasound of the bladder shows a normal postvoid residual urine.
She has also had a cough for the last 2 months.
She reports recent loss of pubic hair.
The patient immigrated from the Philippines 7 weeks ago.
Her mother has systemic lupus erythematosus.
She has never smoked and does not drink alcohol.
Her only medication is insulin, but she sometimes misses doses.
She is 165 cm (5 ft 5 in) tall and weighs 49 kg (108 lb); BMI is 18 kg/m2.
She appears lethargic.
Her temperature is 38.9°C (102°F), pulse is 58/min, and blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg.
Examination shows decreased sensation to touch and vibration over both feet.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Serum studies show:
Na+ 122 mEq/L
Cl- 100 mEq/L
K+ 5.8 mEq/L
Glucose 172 mg/dL
Albumin 2.8 g/dL
Cortisol 2.5 μg/dL
ACTH 531.2 pg/mL (N=5–27 pg/mL)
CT scan of the abdomen with contrast shows bilateral adrenal enlargement.
He had just finished micturating, when he fell down.
His wife heard the noise and found him unconscious on the floor.
He regained consciousness after 30 seconds and was able to talk normally with his wife immediately.
There was no urinary incontinence.
On arrival, he is alert and oriented.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Neurologic examination shows no focal findings.
Serum concentrations of glucose, creatinine, and electrolytes are within the reference range.
An electrocardiogram shows no abnormalities.
The mother has had no prenatal care.
Immunization records are not available.
Cardiac examination shows a continuous heart murmur.
There are several bluish macules on the skin that do not blanch with pressure.
Slit lamp examination shows cloudy lenses in both eyes.
The newborn does not pass his auditory screening tests.
A total of 14,000 participants were enrolled and one half was assigned to each of the cohorts.
The patients were followed prospectively for 3 years.
At the conclusion of the trial, the incidence of ischemic stroke in participants taking rivaroxaban was 1.7% compared to 2.2% in participants taking warfarin.
The hazard ratio is calculated as 0.79 and the 95% confidence interval is reported as 0.64 to 0.97.
It has rapidly increased in size during this period.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows large dense breasts; a 6-cm, nontender, multinodular mass is palpated in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast.
There are no changes in the skin or nipple.
There is no palpable cervical or axillary adenopathy.
Mammography shows a smooth polylobulated mass.
An image of a biopsy specimen is shown.
Over the course of 2 weeks, mice in the experimental group receive a daily injection with a synthetic analog of an endogenous hormone.
Compared to the control group, the hormone-injected mice eat more and gain significantly more weight.
He traveled from Sydney to Los Angeles 2 days ago.
He has had type 2 diabetes mellitus for 10 years and takes metformin for it.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 25 years.
His temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), the blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg, and the pulse is 90/min.
On examination, the left calf is 5 cm greater in circumference than the right.
The left leg appears more erythematous than the right with dilated superficial veins.
Venous duplex ultrasound shows non-compressibility.
He immediately summons emergency services.
In the field, pulse oximetry shows oxygen saturation at 100% for both patients.
100% yet they both appear cyanotic.
Both patients are provided with 2L of oxygen by way of nasal cannula on the way to the hospital.
An arterial blood gas is performed on the teenager and reveals pH of 7.35, PaCO2 of 31.8 mm Hg, PaO2 of 150 mm Hg, HCO3- of 20 mEq/L, SaO2 of 80%, and a COHb of 18%.
The burns cover both hands and forearms.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 112/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 108/82 mm Hg.
Initial stabilization and resuscitation is begun, including respiratory support, fluid resuscitation, and cardiovascular stabilization.
The burned skin is irrigated with saline water to remove the chemical agent.
He states he normally helps her be compliant with her medications, but he had been away for several days.
On physical exam, her temperature is 37.2 C, BP 85/55, and HR 130.
Serum glucose is 500 mg/dL.
During morning rounds, she reports a “pus-like” discharge and shaking chills overnight.
She also endorses increased uterine cramping compared to the day before, but her postpartum course has otherwise been uneventful with a well-healing incision and normal vaginal bleeding.
The patient’s prenatal care was complicated by HIV with a recent viral load of 400 copies/mL, type I diabetes well controlled on insulin, and a history of herpes simplex virus encephalitis in her first child.
She did not have any genital lesions during the most recent pregnancy.
Four days ago, she presented to the obstetric triage unit after spontaneous rupture of membranes and onset of labor.
She made slow cervical change and reached full dilation after 16 hours, but there was limited fetal descent.
Cephalopelvic disproportion was felt to be the reason for arrest of descent, so prophylactic ampillicin was administered and C-section was performed.
A vaginal hand was required to dislodge the fetus’s head from the pelvis, and a healthy baby boy was delivered.
On postpartum day 3, her temperature is 101.5°F (38.6°C), blood pressure is 119/82 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 14/min.
Her incision looks clean and dry, there is mild suprapubic tenderness, and a foul yellow discharge tinged with blood is seen on her pad.
Over the past 10 days, he has had low-grade fevers and night sweats.
He has no history of serious illness except for a bicuspid aortic valve diagnosed 5 years ago.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 10 years and drinks 3–5 beers on social occasions.
He does not use illicit drugs.
The patient takes no medications.
He appears weak.
His temperature is 37.7°C (99.9°F), pulse is 70/min, and blood pressure is 128/64 mm Hg.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
A grade 2/6 systolic murmur is heard best at the right sternal border and second intercostal space.
There are several hemorrhages underneath his fingernails on both hands and multiple tender, red nodules on his fingers.
He was the front seat and unrestrained driver in a head on collision.
His temperature is 99.2°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 90/65 mmHg, pulse is 152/min, respirations are 16/min, and oxygen saturation is 100% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a young man who opens his eyes spontaneously and is looking around.
He answers questions with inappropriate responses but discernible words.
He withdraws from pain but does not have purposeful movement.
Three weeks earlier she presented to her rheumatologist with a butterfly rash, joint pain and fatigue and was given a diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus.
A friction rub is present upon physical exam.
Laboratory results show a metabolic alkalosis.
Two months ago, he was started on hydrochlorothiazide for hypertension.
He takes acetaminophen for back pain.
Examination shows a generalized, diffuse maculopapular rash.
Serum studies show a creatinine concentration of 3.0 mg/dL.
Renal ultrasonography shows no abnormalities.
Treatment with the appropriate pharmacotherapy is started.
While conducting your physical exam, you observe the findings depicted in Figures A and B.
The cultured virions, along with herpes simplex virions of a different phenotype, are cointroduced into a human epithelial cell in vitro.
The progeny viruses are found to have phenotypes that are distinct from the parent strains.
Sequencing of these progeny viruses shows that most genomes have material from both parent strains.
The patient’s blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg, the heart rate is 76/min, the respiratory rate is 17/min, and the temperature is 37.5℃ (99.5℉).
The physical examination shows tenderness, muscle guarding, and rebound over the right lower quadrant of the abdomen.
Abdominal sonography shows a dilated appendix with a periappendiceal fluid collection.
He is diagnosed with acute appendicitis and undergoes a laparoscopic appendectomy.
The histopathologic examination of the removed appendix is shown in the image.
He is scheduled for cataract surgery in 3 weeks.
His past medical history is notable for diabetes, hypertension, and severe osteoarthritis of the right knee.
His medications include metformin, hydrochlorothiazide, lisinopril, and aspirin.
His surgeon ordered blood work 1 month ago, which showed a hemoglobin of 14.2 g/dL, INR of 1.2, and an hemoglobin A1c of 6.9%.
His vital signs at the time of the visit show BP: 130/70 mmHg, Pulse: 80, RR: 12, and T: 37.2 C. He has no current complaints and is eager for his surgery.
She arrived in Sweden with her 2-month-old infant, whom she exclusively breast feeds.
When her mother woke her up that morning, the girl's entire body stiffened and she started shaking vigorously for several minutes.
Her mother also reports that over the past few months, her daughter has had multiple episodes of being unresponsive for less than a minute, during which her eyelids were fluttering.
The girl did not recall these episodes afterwards.
Upon arrival, she appears drowsy.
Neurologic examination shows no abnormalities.
She is in the postoperative floor as she just underwent a complete thyroidectomy for papillary thyroid cancer.
Her temperature is 37° C (98.6° F), respirations are 15/min, pulse is 67/min, and blood pressure is 122/88 mm Hg.
While recording the blood pressure, spasm of the muscles of the hand and forearm is seen.
He says that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has been following him for the last 7 months.
He recently quit his job at a local consulting firm to work on his mission to rid the world from evil.
He does not smoke, drink alcoholic beverages, or use illicit drugs.
He takes no medications.
His temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F), pulse is 90/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 120/86 mm Hg.
On mental status examination, his response to the first question lasted 5 minutes without interruption.
He switched topics a number of times and his speech was pressured.
He spoke excessively about his plan to “bring absolute justice to the world”.
He has a labile affect.
There is no evidence of suicidal ideation.
A toxicology screen is negative.
He is admitted to the hospital for his symptoms and starts therapy.
One week later, he develops difficulty walking and a tremor that improves with activity.
The boy is healthy with no past medical history, but his parents began to notice that he was having difficulty at football practice the previous day.
Over the course of the past 24 hours, the boy has become increasingly clumsy and has been “tripping over himself.” On further questioning, the boy had a viral illness the previous week and was out of school for 2 days.
Today, the patient’s temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 108/72 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, respirations are 12/min.
On motor exam, the patient has 5/5 strength in hip flexion, 5/5 strength in knee extension and flexion, 3/5 strength in foot dorsiflexion, and 5/5 strength in foot plantarflexion.
The findings are the same bilaterally.
On gait exam, the patient exhibits foot drop in both feet.
Two days ago, she returned from a business trip on a long-distance flight.
She has alcohol use disorder.
Physical examination shows a tender, swollen, and warm left calf.
Serum studies show an increased homocysteine concentration and a methylmalonic acid concentration within the reference range.
The pain is diffuse and constant, and she describes it as 7 out of 10 in intensity.
She has also had numbness in her lower extremities for 12 hours.
She has type 1 diabetes mellitus, migraine with aura, and essential tremor.
She appears uncomfortable.
She is oriented to place and person only.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 123/min, and blood pressure is 140/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows a distended abdomen with no tenderness to palpation.
Bowel sounds are decreased.
Muscle strength and sensation is decreased in the lower extremities.
There is a tremor of the right upper extremity.
Urinalysis shows elevated levels of aminolevulinic acid and porphobilinogen.
During the surgery, he was transfused two units of packed red blood cells.
His postoperative course was uncomplicated.
Two days ago, he developed fever.
He is currently receiving parenteral nutrition through a central venous catheter.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia.
He is oriented to person, but not to place and time.
Prior to admission, his medications included metformin, valsartan, aspirin, and atorvastatin.
His temperature is 38.9°C (102.0°F), pulse is 120/min, and blood pressure is 100/60 mmHg.
Examination shows jaundice of the conjunctivae.
Abdominal examination shows tenderness to palpation in the right upper quadrant.
There is no rebound tenderness or guarding; bowel sounds are hypoactive.
He feels well.
He has a history of hypertension, peripheral vascular disease, carotid stenosis, and mild dementia.
His father had Parkinson's disease and died of a stroke at the age of 74 years.
He has smoked one-half pack of cigarettes daily for 30 years but quit at the age of 50 years.
He drinks alcohol in moderation.
Current medications include aspirin and lisinopril.
He appears healthy.
His temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), pulse is 73/min, respirations are 12/min, and blood pressure is 142/92 mmHg.
Examination shows decreased pedal pulses bilaterally.
Ankle jerk and patellar reflexes are absent bilaterally.
Sensation to light touch, pinprick, and proprioception is intact bilaterally.
Muscle strength is 5/5 bilaterally.
He describes the town he grew up in with detail but only recalls one of three words after 5 minutes.
She appears ill.
Her temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F).
Physical examination shows pain in the right upper quadrant, diffuse jaundice with scleral icterus, and bright red blood in the rectal vault.
Further evaluation demonstrates virions in her blood, some of which have a partially double-stranded DNA genome while others have a single-stranded RNA genome.
They are found to share an identical lipoprotein envelope.
During this period, she has not been able to sleep through the night because of the frequent urge to urinate.
She also urinates more than usual during the day.
She drinks 4–5 liters of water and 1–2 beers daily.
She has autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease, hypertension treated with lisinopril, and bipolar disorder.
Therapy with valproic acid was begun after a manic episode 3 months ago.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Irregular flank masses are palpated bilaterally.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Serum
Na+ 152 mEq/L
K+ 4.1 mEq/L
Cl− 100 mEq/L
HCO3− 25 mEq/L
Creatinine 1.8 mg/dL
Osmolality 312 mOsmol/kg
Glucose 98 mg/dL
Urine osmolality 190 mOsmol/kg
The urine osmolality does not change after 3 hours despite no fluid intake or after administration of desmopressin.
She has also noticed some pain with intercourse and vaginal dryness during this time.
She is otherwise healthy besides hyperlipidemia, controlled on atorvastatin.
She has no other past medical history, but underwent hysterectomy for postpartum hemorrhage.
She is desiring of a medication to control her symptoms.
Two weeks ago, he was promoted and is now convinced that he will soon take over the firm.
He has been working overtime at the office and spends most of his nights at parties.
Whenever he comes home, he asks his wife to have sex with him and rarely sleeps more than 3 hours.
He has a history of a similar episode and several periods of depression over the past 2 years.
He currently takes no medications.
He appears impatient, repeatedly jumps up from his seat, and says, “I have more important things to do.” There is no evidence of suicidal ideation.
Urine toxicology screening is negative.
Long-term treatment with lithium is started.
His history reveals that he has had moderate exertional dyspnea and 2 episodes of syncope while working at his factory job.
These episodes of syncope were witnessed by others and lasted roughly 30 seconds.
The patient states that he did not have any seizure activity.
His vital signs include: blood pressure 121/89 mm Hg, heart rate 89/min, temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), and respiratory rate 16/min.
Physical examination reveals a crescendo-decrescendo systolic murmur in the right second intercostal area.
An electrocardiogram is performed, which shows left ventricular hypertrophy.
He has had previous episodes of sweating and headache, but this episode was particularly disabling.
Upon presentation, he appears pale and diaphoretic.
His temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 162/118 mmHg, pulse is 87/min, and respirations are 20/min.
Based on clinical suspicion, an abdominal CT scan is obtained, which shows a retroperitoneal mass.
She has a prolonged course but ultimately vaginally delivers an 11 pound boy.
On post operative day 2, she is noted to have uterine tenderness and decreased bowel sounds.
She states she has been urinating more frequently as well.
Her temperature is 102°F (38.9°C), blood pressure is 118/78 mmHg, pulse is 111/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a non-distended abdomen and a tender uterus.
Pulmonary exam reveals minor bibasilar crackles.
Initial laboratory studies and a urinalysis are pending.
He got this wound accidentally when he felt unwell and went out to his garden "to catch some air".
He reports he had been treated for tetanus 35 years ago and has received the Tdap vaccine several times since then, but he does not remember when he last received the vaccine.
His vital signs are as follows: the blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 91/min, respiratory rate is 19/min, and temperature is 37.8°C (100.0°F).
On physical examination, he is mildly dyspneic and pale.
Lung auscultation reveals diminished vesicular breath sounds in the lower lobes bilaterally with a few inspiratory crackles heard over the left lower lobe.
There is a puncture wound 1 cm in diameter that is contaminated with soil in the middle third of the patient’s shin.
You order blood tests and an X-ray, and now you are arranging his wound treatment.
She says that she has been gradually sleeping less each night over the past 2 years.
It takes her 20–25 minutes to fall asleep each night and she wakes up earlier in the morning than she used to.
On average, she sleeps 5–6 hours each night.
She says that she has also been waking up several times per night and needs about 20 minutes before she is able to fall back to sleep.
She feels mildly tired in the afternoon but does not take any naps.
Her husband reports that she does not snore.
The patient drinks two cups of coffee each morning, but she does not smoke or drink alcohol.
She takes a 45 minute walk with her husband and their dog every other day.
She is 160 cm (5 ft 3 in) tall and weighs 55 kg (121 lb); BMI is 21 kg/m2.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
On mental status examination, she appears cooperative with a mildly anxious mood and a full range of affect.
The pain began soon after he returned from a walk.
He describes it as 8 out of 10 in intensity and vomited once on the way to the hospital.
He has had a swelling of the left groin for the past 2 months.
He has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and hypertension.
Current medications include amlodipine, albuterol inhaler, and a salmeterol-fluticasone inhaler.
He appears uncomfortable.
His temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F), pulse is 101/min, and blood pressure is 126/84 mm Hg.
Examination shows a tender bulge on the left side above the inguinal ligament that extends into the left scrotum; lying down or applying external force does not reduce the swelling.
Coughing does not make the swelling bulge further.
There is no erythema.
The abdomen is distended.
Bowel sounds are hyperactive.
Scattered rhonchi are heard throughout both lung fields.
He has no other complaints other than a sore throat 3 weeks ago that resolved after 6 days.
He is otherwise healthy, lives at home with his mother and 2 cats, has no recent history of travel ,and no sick contacts.
On physical examination his temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 130/85 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 19/min, and pulse oximetry is 99% on room air.
Cardiopulmonary and abdominal examinations are unremarkable.
There is mild periorbital and pedal edema.
Urinalysis shows 12-15 RBC/hpf, 2-5 WBC/hpf, and 30 mg/dL protein.
He is diagnosed with acute decompensated congestive heart failure, was admitted to the CCU, and treated with a medication that targets beta-1 adrenergic receptors preferentially over beta-2 adrenergic receptors.
The prescribing physician explained that this medication would only be used temporarily as its efficacy decreases within one week due to receptor downregulation.
He recently was released from prison.
The patient wants a checkup before he goes out and finds a job.
He states that lately he has felt very fatigued and has had a cough.
He has lost roughly 15 pounds over the past 3 weeks.
He attributes this to intravenous drug use in prison.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 127/68 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, respirations are 18/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
The patient is started on appropriate treatment.
The patient complains of reduced exercise tolerance for the past 2 years.
Also, in the past year, he has noticed chest pain after climbing the stairs in his home.
He has no significant past medical history or current medications.
The patient reports a 45-pack-year smoking history.
The vital signs include temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 160/100 mm Hg, pulse 72/min, respiratory rate 15/min, and oxygen saturation 99% on room air.
His body mass index (BMI) is 34 kg/m2.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
The patient is lucid and complains of a mild headache.
The daughter indicates that her mother did not lose consciousness after the fall.
On exam, there are no focal neurological deficits, but you decide to perform a CT scan to be sure there is no intracranial bleeding.
The CT scan are within normal limits and head MRI is preformed (shown).
He mentions that potassium ions play an important role in the electrophysiology of the heart, and the resting membrane potential of the cardiac myocytes is close to the equilibrium potential of K+ ions.
This is because of the high resting potassium conductance of the ventricular myocytes, which is regulated by specific potassium channels.
These are open at rest and are closed when there is depolarization.
Scaly and flaky eruptions are also present on his ears, eyebrows, and scalp.
He describes the lesions as being itchy and irritating.
When the scales are scraped away, pinpoint bleeding is noted.
His vital signs are unremarkable, and physical examination is otherwise within normal limits.
He reports it has been growing steadily for the past 2 weeks, and he has also been experiencing fatigue and recurrent fevers.
No significant past medical history.
The patient denies any smoking history, or alcohol or recreational drug use.
He denies any recent travel in the previous 6 months.
On physical examination, there are multiple enlarged submandibular and cervical lymph nodes that are firm, mobile, and non-tender.
A biopsy of one of the lymph nodes is performed and shows predominantly lymphocytes and histiocytes present in a pattern ‘resembling popcorn’.
A flow cytometry analysis demonstrates cells that are CD19 and CD20 positive and CD15 and CD30 negative.
Apgar scores are 9 and 10 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Routine neonatal screening tests show mildly elevated TSH concentrations.
Ultrasonography of the neck shows a complete absence of both lobes of the thyroid gland.
He is at the 10th percentile for height and below the 5th percentile for weight.
Physical examination shows conjunctival pallor.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 11.2 g/dL
Mean corpuscular hemoglobin 24.2 pg/cell
Mean corpuscular volume 108 μm3
Serum
Ammonia 26 μmol/L (N=11–35 μmol/L)
A peripheral blood smear shows macrocytosis of erythrocytes and hypersegmented neutrophils.
Supplementation with folate and cobalamin is begun.
Two months later, his hemoglobin concentration is 11.1 g/dL and mean corpuscular volume is 107 μm3.
She also reports a persistent tingling sensation in her right hand and numbness in her right arm that started this morning.
Physical examination shows pallor, mild scleral icterus, and petechiae on her forearms and legs.
On mental status examination, she appears confused and is only oriented to person.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 11.1 mg/dL
Platelet count 39,500/mm3
Bleeding time 9 minutes
Prothrombin time 14 seconds
Partial thromboplastin time 35 seconds
Serum
Creatinine 1.7 mg/dL
Total bilirubin 2.1 mg/dL
A peripheral blood smear shows fragmented erythrocytes.
She denies any pain during defecation.
Apart from this, she does not have any other complaints.
Her past medical history is insignificant except for 5 normal vaginal deliveries.
Her vitals are a heart rate of 72/min, a respiratory rate of 15/min, a temperature of 36.7°C (98.1°F), and a blood pressure of 115/85 mm Hg.
On rectovaginal examination, there is a palpable, non-tender, prolapsed mass that can be pushed back by the examiner's finger into the anal sphincter.
Liver ultrasound reveals a shrunken liver and biopsy reveals cirrhosis.
Hepatitis serologies are below:

Anti-HAV: negative
HBsAg: negative
HBsAb: positive
HBeAg: negative
Anti-HBe: negative
Anti-HBc: negative
Anti-HCV: positive

The hepatitis C viral load is 1,000,000 copies/mL.
The patient is started on an antiviral regimen including sofosbuvir.
Though he was able to tolerate his symptoms at the beginning, he can’t breathe properly through the obstructed nostril anymore.
Also, a bloody nasal discharge has started recently through the occluded nostril.
He also complains of double vision during the past 2 months but did not pay attention to it until now.
Past medical history is insignificant except for occasional sore throats.
His vitals include: blood pressure of 120/88 mm Hg, respiratory rate of 14/min, pulse of 88/min, temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F).
His past medical history is remarkable for hypertension and diabetes.
His temperature is 99.1°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 154/99 mmHg, pulse is 89/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Neurologic exam reveals right upper and lower extremity weakness and an asymmetric smile.
He is nonresponsive during these episodes and does not remember them afterward.
He recalls a muddy taste in his mouth before the onset of symptoms.
One week ago, his brother witnessed an episode where he woke up, stared, and made hand gestures.
After the incident, he felt lethargic and confused.
Examination shows no abnormalities.
They observe that during the inoculation of test subjects, mammals with certain viral proteins result in the organism’s antigen-presenting cells (APCs) absorbing the antigen and presenting it on major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class 1 molecules.
She adds that she has fever and abdominal cramping as well.
She had recently attended a large family picnic and describes eating many varieties of cold noodle salads.
Her past medical history is insignificant.
Her temperature is 37.5°C (99.6°F), respiratory rate is 15/min, pulse is 67/min, and blood pressure is 92/68 mm Hg.
Physical examination is non-contributory.
A radioactive isotope that is unable to cross into organelles is introduced into a sample of cells.
The cells are then fragmented via centrifugation and the isotope-containing components are isolated.
The patient has no particular health concerns.
He has a history of bilateral cryptorchidism treated with orchidopexy at 8 months of age.
She has a history of epilepsy.
Her current medication is phenytoin.
She is nauseated and confused.
Following the administration of hemin and glucose, her symptoms improve.
Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated, and development was normal until the age of 1 year.
The parents report that he has had gradual loss of speech, vision, and motor skills over the past year.
During this time, he has been admitted to the hospital three times because of myoclonic seizures.
Physical examination shows hypertonicity of the upper and lower extremities.
Fundoscopic examination shows pallor of the optic disc bilaterally.
An MRI of the brain shows brain atrophy and hyperintensity of the periventricular and subcortical areas.
Two days after admission, the patient dies.
Histopathologic examination of the brain shows aggregation of globoid cells and loss of glial cells.
She feels well but is unhappy about being overweight.
She reports that she feels out of breath when walking for more than one block and while climbing stairs.
She has tried to lose weight for several years without success.
She goes for a walk 3 times a week but she has difficulty following a low-calorie diet.
During the past 12 months, she has had two urinary tract infections that were treated with fosfomycin.
She has type 2 diabetes mellitus and osteoarthritis.
Her only current medication is metformin.
She has never smoked.
She is 160 cm (5 ft 3 in) tall and weighs 100 kg (220 lb); BMI is 39.1 kg/m2.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows cracking in both knees on passive movement.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Serum studies show an HbA1c of 9.5%, and a fasting serum glucose concentration of 158 mg/dL.
An ECG shows no abnormalities.
One month ago, therapy with lisinopril was initiated for treatment of hypertension.
His blood pressure is 136/86 mm Hg.
Urinalysis shows a creatinine clearance of 92 mL/min.
The pain is primarily localized to the right side and is non-radiating.
The patient is not sexually active at this time and is not currently under any medication.
At the hospital, her vitals are normal.
A pelvic examination reveals a tender palpable mass on the right adnexal structure.
A pelvic CT scan reveals a 7-cm solid adnexal mass that was surgically removed with the ovary.
Histological evaluation indicates sheets of uniform cells resembling a 'fried egg', consistent with dysgerminoma.
She is a recent immigrant from Thailand.
Her history is significant for anemia since childhood that has not required any treatment.
Her mother and husband have anemia, as well.
She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Fundal height measures at 22 weeks.
Ultrasound shows polyhydramnios and pleural and peritoneal effusion in the fetus with fetal subcutaneous edema.
She says that the blurring has made it difficult to read, although she has noticed that she can read a little better if she holds the book below or above eye level.
She also requires a bright light to look at objects.
She reports that her symptoms began 8 years ago and have gradually gotten worse over time.
She has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Current medications include glyburide and lisinopril.
When looking at an Amsler grid, she says that the lines in the center appear wavy and bent.
An image of her retina, as viewed through fundoscopy is shown.
The patient’s husband does not recall her past medical history but knows her current medications and states that she is quite disciplined about taking them.
Current medications are spironolactone, labetalol, lactulose, and furosemide.
Her temperature is 38.3°C (100.9°F), heart rate is 115/min, blood pressure is 105/62 mm Hg, respiratory rate is 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 96% on room air.
On physical examination, the patient is disoriented, lethargic, and poorly responsive to commands.
A cardiac examination is unremarkable.
Lungs are clear to auscultation.
The abdomen is distended, tense, and mildly tender.
Mild asterixis is present.
Neurologic examination is normal.
The digital rectal examination reveals guaiac negative stool.
She has cystic fibrosis and, during the past year, has had 4 respiratory exacerbations that have required hospitalization.
Current medications include an inhaled bronchodilator, an inhaled corticosteroid, inhaled N-acetylcysteine, and azithromycin.
The patient appears chronically ill.
Her temperature is 37.9°C (100.2°F), pulse is 96/min, respirations are 22/min and labored, and blood pressure is 106/64 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on 2 L/min of oxygen via nasal cannula shows an oxygen saturation of 96%.
Examination shows an increased anteroposterior chest diameter.
There is digital clubbing.
Chest excursions and tactile fremitus are decreased on the right side.
On auscultation of the chest, breath sounds are significantly diminished over the right lung field and diffuse wheezing is heard over the left lung field.
She says that the pain is dull aching in nature, radiates to the back, and worsens with meals.
She also complains of nausea and occasional vomiting.
She has been hospitalized repeatedly in the past with similar complaints.
Her temperature is 37° C (98.6° F), respiratory rate is 16/min, pulse is 77/min, and blood pressure is 120/89 mm Hg.
On physical exam, dark hyperpigmentation of the axillary skin is noted.
Two days after admission, she becomes increasingly confused and tachypneic.
She is intubated and ventilatory support is initiated.
Her temperature is 39.6°C (102.5°F), pulse is 127/min, and blood pressure is 83/47 mm Hg.
The ventilator is set at a FiO2 of 100% and a respiratory rate of 20/min.
An arterial blood gas checked 30 minutes after intubation shows a PCO2 of 41 mm Hg and a PO2 of 55 mm Hg.
Despite appropriate care, the patient dies from respiratory failure.
He explains that he got pricked by a rose thorn on his right "pointer finger" where the first lesions appeared, and the other lesions then began to appear in an ascending manner.
The physician prescribed a medication and warned him of gynecomastia as a side effect if taken for long periods of time.
The bleeding started as a spotting and has increased and has become persistent over the last month.
The patient is G3P1 with a history of polycystic ovary syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
She completed menopause 4 years ago.
She took cyclic estrogen-progesterone replacement therapy for 1 year at the beginning of menopause.
Her weight is 89 kg (196 lb), height 157 cm (5 ft 2 in).
Her vital signs are as follows: blood pressure 135/70 mm Hg, heart rate 78/min, respiratory rate 12/min, and temperature 36.7℃ (98.1℉).
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Transvaginal ultrasound reveals an endometrium of 6 mm thickness.
Speculum examination shows a cervix without focal lesions with bloody discharge from the non-dilated external os.
On pelvic examination, the uterus is slightly enlarged, movable, and non-tender.
Adnexa is non-palpable.
He has observed that certain drugs can work as an agonist and an antagonist at a particular site.
He has plotted a particular graph (as shown below) and is checking for other responses that can be measured on the same graph.
He learned that drug B is less potent than drug A.
Drug B also reduces the potency of drug A when combined in the same solution; however, if additional drug A is added to the solution, the maximal efficacy (Emax) of drug A increases.
He wishes to plot another curve for drug C. He learns that drug C works on the same molecules as drugs A and B, but drug C reduces the maximal efficacy (Emax) of drug A significantly when combined with drug A.
The patient is currently being treated with rifampin, isoniazid, pyrazinamide, and ethambutol.
The patient is not used to taking medicines and is very concerned about side effects.
During the examination, he expresses concerns about not wanting to become a father.
He has been sexually active and monogamous with his wife for the past 5 years, and they inconsistently use condoms for contraception.
He tells the physician that he would like to undergo vasectomy.
His wife is also a patient under the care of the physician and during her last appointment, she expressed concerns over being prescribed any drugs that could affect her fertility because she would like to conceive soon.
During this episode, he urinated on himself.
He feels drowsy and has nausea.
He has a history of chronic alcoholism; he has been drinking 15 beers daily for the past 3 days.
Before this time, he drank 8 beers daily.
His last drink was 2 hours ago.
He appears lethargic.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical and neurologic examinations show no other abnormalities.
On mental status examination, he is confused and not oriented to time.
He describes a crushing feeling below the sternum and reports some neck pain on the left side.
Furthermore, he complains of difficulty breathing.
Late last night, he had come home and had eaten a family size lasagna by himself while watching TV.
His past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes and poorly controlled hypertension.
The patient admits he often neglects to take his medications and has not been following his advised diet.
His current medications are aspirin, metformin, and captopril.
Examination reveals a distressed, overweight male sweating profusely.
His pulse is 110/min.
Physical examination shows pallor; there is blood in the oral cavity.
Examination of the nasal cavity with a nasal speculum shows active bleeding from the posterior nasal cavity.
Tamponade with a balloon catheter is attempted without success.
She has developed multiple enzyme inhibitors that specifically target individual proteins in the arachidonic acid pathway.
She injects these inhibitors in rats who have been exposed to common bacterial pathogens and analyzes their downstream effects.
In one of her experiments, she injects a leukotriene B4 inhibitor into a rat and observes an abnormal cell response.
The symptoms usually resolve with deep breathing exercises after about 5 minutes.
He now avoids going to his graduate school classes because he is worried about having another episode.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Treatment with lorazepam is initiated.
The patient is administered intravenous fluids and is supplied with 1,600 calories daily with an increase of 200 calories each day.
On day 5 of treatment, the patient manifests symptoms of weakness and confusion, and dark brown urine.
On arrival, she is alert and active.
She reports pain in both knees and severe pain over the right groin.
Temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 116/min, respirations are 19/min, and blood pressure is 132/79 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows tenderness over both knee caps.
The right groin is tender to palpation.
The right leg is slightly shortened, flexed, adducted, and internally rotated.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
A molecule is used to inhibit the exchange of genetic material between homologous chromosomes.
For microscopic visualization of the neuron, an aniline stain is applied.
After staining, only the soma and dendrites of the neurons are visualized, not the axon.
On physical examination, there is an irregular-shaped ulcer, 2 cm x 1 cm in its dimensions, with irregular margins and crusting over the surface.
The woman is a fair-skinned individual who loves to go sunbathing.
There is no family history of malignancy.
After a complete physical examination, the surgeon performs a biopsy of the lesion under local anesthesia and sends the tissue for histopathological examination.
The pathologist confirms the diagnosis of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin.
When she asks about the cause, the surgeon explains that there are many possible causes, but it is likely that she has developed squamous cell carcinoma on her face due to repeated exposure to ultraviolet rays from the sun, especially ultraviolet B (UVB) rays.
He has been taking an antibiotic course of cefixime for about a week to treat a respiratory tract infection.
At the doctor’s office, his pulse is 112/min, the blood pressure is 100/66 mm Hg, the respirations are 22/min, and the temperature is 38.9°C (102.0°F).
His oral mucosa appears dry and his abdomen is soft with vague diffuse tenderness.
A digital rectal examination is normal.
He has had fatigue for 2 weeks.
He has no past medical history, and takes no medications.
Excessive bleeding from intravenous lines was reported by the nurse.
He does not smoke or drink alcohol.
The temperature is 38.2°C (102.6°F), pulse is 105/min, respiration rate is 18/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
On physical examination, he has multiple purpura on the lower extremities and several ecchymoses on the lower back and buttocks.
Petechiae are noticed on the soft palate.
Cervical painless lymphadenopathy is detected on both sides.
The examination of the lungs, heart, and abdomen shows no other abnormalities.
The laboratory test results are as follows:
Hemoglobin 8 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 90 μm3
Leukocyte count 18,000/mm3
Platelet count 10,000/mm3
Partial thromboplastin time (activated) 60 seconds
Prothrombin time 25 seconds (INR: 2.2)
Fibrin split products Positive
Lactate dehydrogenase, serum 1,000 U/L
A Giemsa-stained peripheral blood smear is shown by the image.
Intravenous fluids, blood products, and antibiotics are given to the patient.
She was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery and is exclusively breastfed.
She weighed 3,400 g (7 lb 8 oz) at birth.
At the physician's office, she appears well.
Her pulse is 136/min, the respirations are 41/min, and the blood pressure is 82/45 mm Hg.
She weighs 5,200 g (11 lb 8 oz) and measures 57.5 cm (22.6 in) in length.
The remainder of the physical examination is normal.
She has diabetes well-controlled on metformin but no other prior medical history.
She has not previously had any surgeries.
On physical exam, her doctor notices brown velvety areas of pigmentation on her neck.
Her doctor also notices an enlarged, left supraclavicular node.
Endoscopic findings show a stomach wall that appears to be grossly thickened.
Emergency department staff attempt to call his parents, but they cannot be reached.
The boy’s medical history is unknown.
According to his teacher, the boy was eating in the cafeteria with friends when he suddenly complained of itching and developed a widespread rash.
Physical exam is notable for diffuse hives and tongue edema.
His pulse is 100/min and blood pressure is 90/60 mmHg.
The boy appears frightened and tells you that he does not want any treatment until his parents arrive.
He was born at 38 weeks' gestation and was 48 cm (19 in) in length and weighed 3061 g (6 lb 12 oz); he is currently 60 cm (24 in) in length and weighs 7,910 g (17 lb 7 oz).
He can walk with one hand held and can throw a small ball.
He can pick up an object between his thumb and index finger.
He can wave 'bye-bye'.
He can say 'mama', 'dada' and 'uh-oh'.
He cries if left to play with a stranger alone.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
She denies diarrhea, constipation, or blood in the stool.
The medical history is unremarkable.
She does not use tobacco or drink alcohol.
She is sexually active with her husband and uses an IUD for contraception.
The temperature is 37.2 °C (99.0°F), the blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, the pulse is 80/min, and the respiratory rate is 12/min.
The physical examination reveals localized tenderness in the right adnexa, but no masses are palpated.
The LMP was 8 weeks ago.
She also reports that he has quit his bartending job and has been excessively talkative and easily annoyed for the last several weeks.
The patient has no previous psychiatric history.
Routine medical examination, investigations, and toxicology rule out a medical cause or substance abuse.
Lab results are consistent with chronically impaired renal function.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Pelvic ultrasonography shows bilateral ovarian enlargement and free fluid in the rectouterine pouch.
Biopsy specimens from the ovaries show multiple, round, mucin-filled cells with flat, peripheral nuclei.
On examination, redness and swelling were noted on the dorsal aspect of his right wrist.
He had  pain with extreme range of motion of the wrist.
His history includes 2 hip replacements, 2 previous episodes of gout in both first metatarsophalangeal joints, and hypertension.
Two days later, the swelling had increased in the dorsal aspect of his right wrist and hand.
Wrist flexion was limited to 80% with severe pain.
The pain was present on palpation of the scaphoid bone.
Due to the suspicion of fracture, the patient was referred to his general practitioner for radiographs.
These findings were consistent with gouty arthritis.
It was found that patients taking the combination regimen (n = 200) had a lower seizure frequency compared to patients taking the standard treatment alone (n = 200; p < 0.01).
However, several participants taking the novel drug reported severe drowsiness.
The investigators administered a survey to both the combination treatment group and standard treatment group to evaluate whether the drowsiness interfered with daily functioning using a yes or no questionnaire.
The patient reports that the initial lesion, currently necrotic and ulcerative, developed from an injury he received while weeding his shrubs a couple weeks earlier.
The patient denies symptoms of respiratory or meningeal disease.
She notes that she has had a light-colored rash on her chest and abdomen that has been present for the last 2 years.
The blood pressure is 111/81 mm Hg, pulse is 82/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, and temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F).
Physical examination reveals numerous hypopigmented macules over her chest and abdomen.
No lesions are seen on her palms or soles.
When questioned, she states that these lesions do not tan like the rest of her skin when exposed to the sun.
The remainder of her review of systems is negative.
He recently returned from a business trip to Bangladesh.
Since returning, he has experienced several loose bloody stools per day that are accompanied by abdominal cramping and occasional nausea and vomiting.
His temperature is 101.7°F (38.7°C), blood pressure is 100/60 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 20/min.
On examination, he demonstrates mild tenderness to palpation throughout his abdomen, delayed capillary refill, and dry mucus membranes.
Results from a stool sample and subsequent stool culture are pending.
The medical history is notable for hypertension, coronary artery disease status post CABG, and lichen sclerosus of the vagina that was treated with an over-the-counter steroid cream as needed.
She first noticed the lump about 5 months ago.
On physical examination, the temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), the blood pressure is 135/89 mm Hg, the pulse is 95/min, and the respiratory rate is 17/min.
Examination of the genital area reveals a small nodular lump on the left labium majus with visible excoriations, but no white plaque-like lesions.
Endoscopic work-up and CT scan lead the attending physician to diagnose ischemic colitis at the splenic flexure.
He is unable to pass meconium and his abdomen is distended.
Endoscopic biopsy of the proximal colon demonstrates an absence of Meissner’s and Auerbach’s plexi in the bowel wall.
He also complains of joint pain in both of his hands.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows tanned skin and small testes.
The second and third metacarpophalangeal joints of both hands are tender to palpation and range of motion is limited.
The liver is palpated 2 to 3 cm below the right costal margin.
Histopathologic examination of a liver biopsy specimen shows intracellular material that stains with Prussian blue.
The patient's nurse just recorded a temperature of 38.7 C, and relates that the patient is complaining of chills.
The surgery was completed 8 hours ago and was complicated by extensive bleeding, with an estimated blood loss of 1,700 mL.
Post-operative anemia was diagnosed after a hemoglobin of 5.9 g/dL was found; 2 units of packed red blood cells were ordered, and the transfusion was initiated 90 minutes ago.
The patient's vital signs are as follows: T 38.7 C, HR 88, BP 138/77, RR 18, SpO2 98%.
Physical examination does not show any abnormalities.
The patient states that he is very anxious and has not been able to take his home anxiety medications.
He is requesting to have his home medications administered.
The patient has a past medical history of anxiety and depression.
His current medications include clonazepam, amitriptyline, and lorazepam.
Notably, the patient has multiple psychiatric providers who currently care for him.
His temperature is 99.2°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 130/85 mmHg, pulse is 112/min, respirations are 22/min, and oxygen saturation is 100% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for an anxious, sweating, and tremulous young man who becomes more confused during his stay in the emergency department.
Microscopic evaluation of the stool reveals the presence of RBC's and WBC's.
The patient reports poor sewage sanitation in the region she visited.
The physician suspects a bacterial infection and culture reveals Gram-negative rods that are non-lactose fermenting.
On physical exam, you find his abdomen to be mildly distended, diffusely tender to palpation, and positive for rebound tenderness.
He is acting aggressively toward hospital staff and appears to be speaking to non-existent individuals.
On examination he is tachycardic and diaphoretic.
Horizontal and vertical nystagmus is noted.
The patient eventually admits to taking an illegal substance earlier in the evening.
She reports that the stiffness is worse in the morning and appears to get better throughout the day.
She is otherwise healthy and denies any recent illness.
She does not play sports.
On examination, her metacarpal-phalangeal (MCP) and proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joints are swollen and erythematous.
Her distal interphalangeal (DIP) joints appear normal.
She exhibits pain with both passive and active range of motion in her knees bilaterally.
Serological analysis reveals high titers of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibodies.
He is taken for emergent appendectomy.
During the procedure, the patient has massive and persistent bleeding requiring a blood transfusion.
The preoperative laboratory studies showed a normal bleeding time, normal prothrombin time (PT), an INR of 1.0, and a normal platelet count.
Postoperatively, when the patient is told about the complications during the surgery, he recalls that he forgot to mention that he has a family history of an unknown bleeding disorder.
The postoperative laboratory tests reveal a prolonged partial thromboplastin time (PTT).
She avoids looking at any light source because this aggravates her headache.
She has acute lymphoblastic leukemia and her last chemotherapy cycle was 2 weeks ago.
She appears lethargic.
Her temperature is 40.1°C (104.2°F), pulse is 131/min and blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg.
Examination shows a stiff neck.
The pupils are equal and reactive to light.
Neck flexion results in flexion of the knee and hip.
Muscle strength is decreased in the right upper extremity.
Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally.
Sensation is intact.
Extraocular movements are normal.
Two sets of blood cultures are obtained.
These symptoms are starting to affect his job and he would like treatment.
The physician runs a standard metabolic panel that shows elevated AST and ALT.
The patient is then tested for hepatitis viruses.
He is hepatitis C positive.
The patient and his doctor discuss treatment options and agree upon pegylated interferon and oral ribavirin.
He says these symptoms have been present for quite some time.
Upon imaging, many granulomas in the upper lobes are present.
It is noted that these apical granulomas have centers of necrosis that appear cheese-like in appearance.
Encircling the area of necrosis are large cells with cytoplasms pale in color.
She has not sustained any trauma or injury to the area, nor has she traveled or taken part in outdoor activities in the recent past.
She is sexually active with one male partner, and they use condoms inconsistently.
She appears ill.
Her temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), pulse is 98/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 106/72 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows multiple painless pustular lesions on her ankles and the dorsum and soles of her feet bilaterally, as well as a swollen, erythematous, exquisitely tender left knee.
Her wrists are also mildly edematous and tender, with pain on extension.
X-ray of the knees shows tissue swelling.
Arthrocentesis of the knee shows yellow purulent fluid.
Gram stain is negative.
Analysis of the synovial fluid shows a leukocyte count of 58,000/mm3 with 93% neutrophils and no crystals.
Past medical history is significant for schizophrenia, diagnosed 3 weeks ago and managed medically.
Vital signs are a blood pressure of 140/90 mm Hg and a pulse of 96/min.
On physical examination, the patient is fidgety and anxious but well-oriented.
To better understand which HBV particle was necessary for the production of viable HDV virions, the scientist encoded in separate plasmids the various antigens/proteins of HBV and co-infected the hepatocytes with HDV.
Physical examination demonstrates asymmetric peripheral neuropathy in her feet.
The patient has no previous relevant history and denies any symptoms of diabetes.
Routine blood work shows normal results, and she is referred to a hematologist.
Subsequent serum protein electrophoresis demonstrates a slightly elevated gamma globulin level, and monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance is diagnosed.
He says that the tremor is worse when he is resting and gets better when he reaches for objects.
His wife reports that he has been slowing in his movements and also has difficulty starting to walk.
His steps have been short and unsteady even when he is able to initiate movement.
Physical exam reveals rigidity in his muscles when tested for active range of motion.
He was in normal health since starting his vacation a week ago, but today he is suffering from a loss of balance, mild headache, and has had 5–6 episodes of vomiting over the last few hours.
He denies fever, neck pain, head trauma, weakness, and diplopia.
Past medical history is significant for hypertension and dyslipidemia.
His medications include valsartan and atorvastatin, but he missed several doses since leaving for this trip.
Blood pressure is 198/112 mm Hg, the heart rate is 76/min, the respiratory rate is 16/min, and the temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
The patient is awake and oriented to time, place, and person.
Extraocular movements are within normal limits.
Muscle strength is normal in all 4 extremities.
An urgent head CT is ordered and shown in the picture.
He also has noted severe night sweats, which require a change of clothes and bed linens the next day.
His medical history is significant for long-standing hypertension.
He received a kidney transplant 6 years ago.
His current medications include amlodipine, metoprolol, furosemide, aspirin, tacrolimus, and mycophenolate.
His family history is significant for his sister, who died last year from lymphoma.
A review of systems is positive for a 6-kg (13.2-lb) unintentional weight loss over the past 2 months.
His vital signs include: temperature 37.8℃ (100.0℉) and blood pressure 120/75 mm Hg.
On physical examination, there are multiple painless lymph nodes, averaging 2 cm in diameter, palpable in the anterior and posterior triangles of the neck bilaterally.
Axillary and inguinal lymphadenopathy is palpated on the right side.
Abdominal examination is significant for a spleen of 16 cm below the cost margin on percussion.
Laboratory studies are significant for the following:
Hemoglobin 9 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 88 μm3
Leukocyte count 12,000/mm3
Platelet count 130,000/mm3
Creatinine 1.1 mg/dL
Lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) 1 000 U/L
A peripheral blood smear is unremarkable.
He is confused and unable to provide further history.
His temperature is 39.1°C (102.3°F), pulse is 124/min, respiratory rate is 12/min, and blood pressure is 150/92 mm Hg.
His skin is dry.
Pupils are 12 mm and minimally reactive.
An ECG shows no abnormalities.
His past medical history is significant for osteopenia, nephrolithiasis, and hypertension.
His family history is significant for relatives who had early onset kidney failure.
He takes occasional acetaminophen and supplemental calcium/vitamin D. He is physically active with a normal body mass index (BMI) and has no current concerns.
Before this, he felt well overall, but now is he is quite bothered by these symptoms.
His medical history is notable for hypertension and hyperlipidemia, both controlled.
On examination, he is uncomfortable but nontoxic-appearing.
There is mild tenderness to palpation over his right temporal artery, but otherwise the exam is not revealing.
The rash started on the face and spread to the trunk.
He also had a fever and cough for the past 2 days.
His mother says that they recently immigrated from Asia and cannot provide vaccination records.
The physical examination reveals a maculopapular rash on the face, trunk, and proximal limbs with no lymphadenopathy.
Blue-white spots are noted on the oral mucosa and there is bilateral mild conjunctival injection.
She denies any symptoms, but states that she was given 50 g of oral glucose 1 week earlier and demonstrated a subsequent venous plasma glucose level of 156 mg/dL 1 hour later.
The vital signs are: blood pressure, 112/78 mm Hg; pulse, 81/min; and respiratory rate, 16/min.
Physical examination is within normal limits.
Physical examination reveals a predominant downward gaze with marked eyelid retraction and convergence-retraction nystagmus.
Ultrasound examination showed dilated lateral ventricles and a dilated third ventricle.
Further imaging studies reveal a solid mass in the pineal region.
The pain began while playing football, when his finger got caught in the jersey of another player who forcefully pulled away.
Examination shows that the right ring finger is extended.
There is pain and swelling at the distal interphalangeal joint.
When the patient is asked to make a fist, his right ring finger does not flex at the distal interphalangeal joint.
There is no joint laxity.
He has had a progressively increasing swelling on the nape of his neck for 2 months.
He does not have a fever or any discharge from the swelling.
He underwent a colectomy for colon cancer at the age of 43 years.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and osteoarthritis of the left knee.
Current medications include insulin glargine, metformin, enalapril, and naproxen.
He has worked as a traffic warden for the past 6 years and frequently plays golf.
He appears healthy.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 130/86 mm Hg.
Examination of the neck shows a 2.5-cm (1-in) firm, mobile, and painless nodule.
The skin over the nodule cannot be pinched.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
A photograph of the lesion is shown.
He appears ill. His temperature is 39°C (102.2°F).
Analysis of nasal secretions shows infection with an enveloped, single-stranded segmented RNA virus.
In response to infection with this pathogen, certain cells present antigens from the pathogen to CD8+ T-lymphocytes.
She reports at least 9 episodes of diarrhea within the last two days, with lower abdominal discomfort and cramping.
Her temperature is 98.6° F (37° C), respiratory rate is 15/min, pulse is 67/min, and blood pressure is 122/98 mm Hg.
Her physical examination is unremarkable.
The physician allows the medical student to perform a physical examination.
The medical student notes hearing impairment as well as the findings show in Figures A and B. Radiographs show indications of multiple old fractures of the humerus that have healed.
After questioning the girl’s parents, the medical student learns that in addition, the patient is extremely picky with her food and eats a diet consisting mainly of cereal and pasta.
He has not had nausea, vomiting, or blood in the stool.
He has a history of alcohol use disorder and recently completed a 7-day course of clindamycin for pneumonia.
He has not traveled out of the United States.
Urinalysis, detailed patient history, and fluid intake, stool, and voiding diary from a previous visit all show no abnormalities.
The parent and child are referred for education and behavioral therapy.
Enuresis decreases but persists.
Both the patient and his mother express concern and want this issue to resolve as soon as possible.
On arrival, she is unresponsive.
Her pulse is 76/min, respirations are 6/min, and blood pressure is 110/78 mm Hg.
Examination shows cool, dry skin.
The pupils are pinpoint and react sluggishly to light.
Intravenous administration of a drug is initiated.
Two minutes after treatment is started, the patient regains consciousness and her respirations increase to 12/min.
Consenting participants with a history of BCG vaccination received an interferon-gamma assay and were subsequently evaluated for tuberculosis by sputum culture.
Results of the study are summarized in the table below.
She has had multiple episodes of acute chest syndrome and has required several transfusions in the past.
She has a prolonged vaginal delivery complicated by postpartum bleeding, and she receives a transfusion of 1 unit of packed red blood cells.
One hour later, the patient experiences acute flank pain.
Her temperature is 38.7°C (101.6°F), pulse is 115/min, respirations are 24/min, and blood pressure is 95/55 mm Hg.
Foley catheter shows dark brown urine.
During the visit, his mother asks about what health risks he should be aware of in college.
Specifically, she recently saw on the news that some college students were killed by a fatal car crash.
She therefore asks about causes of death in this population.
His parents note that they recently moved into an old apartment building and have been concerned about their son's exposure to chipped paint from the walls.
On physical exam, the patient is found to have hepatosplenomegaly and frontal skull bossing.
Hemoglobin electrophoresis reveals markedly increased HbF and HbA2 levels.
The pain radiates down the right leg to the lateral side of the foot.
She has had no trauma, urinary incontinence, or fever.
An MRI of the lumbar spine shows disc degeneration and herniation at the level of L5–S1.
She works as a hair dresser and has to take frequent breaks to rest her hand.
She has hypertension, for which she takes hydrochlorothiazide.
Two weeks ago, she completed a course of oral antibiotics for a urinary tract infection.
Her sister has systemic lupus erythematosus.
She drinks one to two beers daily and occasionally more on weekends.
Over the past 2 weeks, she has been taking ibuprofen as needed for the joint pain.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows swelling, joint-line tenderness, and decreased range of motion of the right first metacarpophalangeal joint as well as the 2nd and 4th distal interphalangeal joints of the right hand.
Discrete, hard, mildly tender swellings are palpated over the 2nd and 4th distal interphalangeal joints of the right hand.
His condition started 2 months ago and was unresponsive to oral antibiotics and antiherpetic medications.
He has no history of a similar rash.
His medical history is remarkable for type 2 diabetes mellitus and essential hypertension.
The physical examination reveals numerous flaccid blisters and bullae which rupture easily.
Nikolsky's sign is positive.
He reports that he is doing well overall without any bothersome symptoms.
His past medical history is significant only for hypertension, which has been well controlled with losartan.
Vital signs are as follows: T 37.0 C, HR 80, BP 128/76, RR 14, SpO2 99%.
Physical examination does not reveal any concerning abnormalities.
The physician recommends a fecal occult blood test at this visit to screen for the presence of any blood in the patient's stool that might be suggestive of an underlying colorectal cancer.
The pain started suddenly 30 minutes ago while the patient was at work.
The patient describes the pain as squeezing in nature, 10/10 in intensity, and is associated with nausea and difficulty breathing.
He has had type 2 diabetes mellitus for 15 years, hypertension for 10 years, and dyslipidemia, but he denies any history of a cardiac problem.
He has a 40-pack-year history of smoking but does not drink alcohol.
Vital signs include: blood pressure 80/40 mm Hg, regular pulse 90/min, and temperature 37.2°C (98.9°F).
Chest auscultation reveals diffuse bilateral rales with no murmurs.
ECG reveals convex ST-segment elevation in leads V1 to V6 and echocardiogram shows anterolateral hypokinesis, retrograde blood flow into the left atrium, and an ejection fraction of 45%.
Serologies demonstrate the presence of rheumatoid factor along with anti-Smith and anti-dsDNA antibodies.
A VDRL syphilis test is positive.
You order a coagulation profile, which reveals normal bleeding time, normal PT, and prolonged PTT as well as normal platelet count.
His temperature is 38.9°C (102°F) and pulse is 90/min.
Cardiac examination shows a murmur.
In addition to other measures, cardiac catheterization is performed.
A graph showing the results of the catheterization is shown.
It initially started out as a small red spot but has rapidly increased in size during this period.
She remembers an ant bite on her leg prior to the lesion occurring.
She was treated for anterior uveitis 8 months ago with corticosteroids.
She has Crohn's disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypertension.
Current medications include insulin, mesalamine, enalapril, and aspirin.
She returned from Wisconsin after visiting her son 2 months ago.
Her temperature is 37.6°C (98°F), pulse is 98/min, and blood pressure is 126/88 mm Hg.
Examination shows pitting pedal edema of the lower extremities.
There is a 4-cm tender ulcerative lesion on the anterior right leg with a central necrotic base and purplish irregular borders.
There are dilated tortuous veins in both lower legs.
Femoral and pedal pulses are palpated bilaterally.
He is increasingly feeling tired and has written 2 wrong prescriptions over the past month alone.
Currently, on his panel, he has a list of 1,051 patients, half of whom are geriatric patients.
He spends approx.
51 hours per week visiting about 20 patients a day.
He has no history of a serious illness and takes no medications.
An evaluation by a psychiatrist shows no primary psychiatric disorders.
She is started on verapamil and instructed to exercise at 50% of her VO2 max while several cardiac parameters are being measured.
Over the past 5 days, he has also had a high fever and a sore throat.
His 16-year-old sister was treated for infectious mononucleosis 2 weeks ago.
He returned from a summer camp a week ago.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
Three years ago, he required intubation after an allergic reaction to dicloxacillin.
The patient appears ill. His temperature is 38.2°C (100.8°F).
Examination shows circumferential oral pallor.
Cervical lymphadenopathy is present.
There is tonsillar erythema and exudate.
A confluent, blanching, punctate erythematous rash with a rough texture is spread over his trunk and extremities.
His hemoglobin concentration is 13.3 g/dL, leukocyte count is 12,000/mm3, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 43 mm/h.
It has gradually enlarged in size and is mildly painful.
She has also had intermittent episodes of throbbing headache, sweating, and palpitations over the past 3 months.
Menses occur at regular 28-day intervals and last for 4–5 days.
She does not smoke, occasionally consumes alcohol on weekends.
She appears thin and pale.
Her temperature is 38.7°C (101.7°F), pulse is 112/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows a firm, 3-cm swelling on the neck that moves with swallowing; there is no lymphadenopathy.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 13 g/dL
Leukocyte count 9500/mm3
Platelet count 230,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 136 mEq/L
K+ 3.5 mEq/L
Cl- 104 mEq/L
TSH 2.3 μU/mL
Calcitonin 300 ng/dL (Normal < 5 ng/dL)
An electrocardiogram shows sinus tachycardia.
According to the husband, they were watching TV when she suddenly became unresponsive and her hands and legs started shaking.
The episode lasted about 5 minutes and she “seemed to be sleeping afterwards.” Her past medical history is significant for pregnancy induced hypertension.
The patient is tired but responsive and denies urinary incontinence, paresthesia, fever, upper respiratory signs, or new medication changes.
She denies a history of seizures.
Her temperature is 99°F (37°C), blood pressure is 186/97 mmHg, pulse is 96/min, and respirations are 12/min.
Physical examination demonstrates a lethargic patient with moderate right upper quadrant tenderness.
On questioning, he was making offensive remarks and behaving inappropriately.
On physical examination, the physician observed an ataxic gait and amnesia.
Initial urine drug screen is negative for any drugs of abuse.
During the test, there is a substantial increase in the breakdown of glycogen in the muscle cells.
The rash appeared suddenly and has progressively gotten worse.
It started off as an erythematous lesion on the back of his hands and also over his nose.
The lesions over his hands have become bullous and tense.
He has never experienced similar symptoms before.
He just got back from a canoeing trip during a very hot and sunny weekend.
Physical exam is significant for erythematous, vesicular lesions over the nape of the neck and bridge of the nose as well as tense bullae over the dorsum of both hands.
The attending physician suspects a defect in the synthesis of heme and orders some blood tests.
The patient reports that she felt contractions prior to the onset of the bleeding, but the contractions stopped after the bleeding started.
She also has severe abdominal pain.
Her first child was delivered by lower segment transverse cesarean section because of a nonreassuring fetal heart rate.
Her pulse is 110/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg.
Examination shows diffuse abdominal tenderness with no rebound or guarding; no contractions are felt.
The fetal heart rate shows recurrent variable decelerations.
He was playing outside in the snow and had progressive onset of wheezing and gasping.
His history is notable for eczema and nut allergies.
The patient has respirations of 22/min and is leaning forward with his hands on his legs as he is seated on the table.
Physical examination is notable for inspiratory and expiratory wheezes on exam.
A nebulized medication is started and begins to relieve his breathing difficulties.
His GCS score was 3 and an accurate physical exam is limited.
A stat non-contrast CT scan of his brain demonstrated a large right parietal intracranial hemorrhage with surrounding edema.
He was promptly transferred to the intensive care unit (ICU) for monitoring.
Over the next day, his mental status continues to worsen but repeat CT scan shows no new bleeding.
In addition, the patient’s urinary output has been >200 cc/hr over the last several hours and increasing.
His temperature is 99.0 deg F (37.2 deg C), blood pressure is 125/72 mmHg, pulse is 87/min, and respirations are 13/min.
One month ago, she was diagnosed with carcinoma of the left breast.
She underwent a lumpectomy for a 2.1-cm mass and sentinel lymph node biopsy 2 weeks ago.
The biopsy of the breast mass showed margin-free invasive ductal carcinoma; immunohistochemistry showed the carcinoma is estrogen-receptor and progesterone-receptor negative, and HER2-receptor positive.
The lymph node biopsy was negative for metastases.
Examination shows a healing surgical incision over the left breast.
There is no palpable axillary lymphadenopathy.
Her physician decides to initiate treatment with appropriate pharmacotherapy.
She has become increasingly lethargic over the past two days, and experienced two episodes of apnea lasting 10 seconds each within the last day.
She was born at 31 weeks of gestation and weighed 1600-g (3-lb 8-oz).
Apgar scores were 4 and 7 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
She takes no medications.
Her temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F), pulse is 185/min, respirations are 60/min and irregular, and blood pressure is 70/35 mm Hg.
She appears pale.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin of 6.5 g/dL, a reticulocyte count of 0.5%, and a mean corpuscular volume of 92 μm3.
Leukocyte count, platelet count, total bilirubin and indirect bilirubin are all within reference range.
She now has to stop to rest three or four times whenever she climbs the stairs to her apartment on the third floor.
She reports chronic, nonproductive cough and wheezing, for which she uses ipratropium inhalers.
She has a 25 pack-year smoking history.
On examination, the blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, the pulse rate is 95/min, the temperature is 36.6°C (97.8°F), and the respiratory rate is 26/min.
Chest auscultation reveals bilateral crepitations.
Cardiac auscultation reveals normal S1 and S2 without murmurs or added sounds.
When asked, he says that he is no longer going out because he is afraid of going outside by himself.
He says that ever since he was a teenager, he was uncomfortable in large crowds and on public transportation.
He now works from home and rarely leaves his house except on mandatory business.
She says she was exercising in the gym several hours ago when she felt a sharp pain.
The pain is radiating down the side of her leg and into her foot.
On physical exam, her vital signs are as follows: HR 95, BP 120/70, T 37.2 degrees C. She has extreme pain shooting down her leg with a straight leg raise.
Her sensation to light touch and pin-prick is intact throughout.
He has no pain and the left eye is asymptomatic.
He was treated for fungal esophagitis 6 months ago with fluconazole.
He was diagnosed with Kaposi's sarcoma 2 years ago.
Current medications include efavirenz, tenofovir, emtricitabine, azithromycin, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole, multivitamins, and a nutritional supplement.
He is 170 cm (5 ft 7 in) tall and weighs 45 kg (99 lbs);BMI is 15.6 kg/m2.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 89/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows cervical lymphadenopathy.
There are multiple violaceous plaques seen over his trunk and extremities.
Fundoscopic examination shows granular yellow-white opacities around the retinal vessels and multiple areas of dot-blot hemorrhages.
His CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 36/mm3.
He has a history of recurrent nephrolithiasis and episodic hypertension.
Physical examination shows a 3 × 3-cm, nontender nodule at the level of the thyroid cartilage.
A photomicrograph of a section of tissue obtained by core needle biopsy of the nodule is shown.
He has had episodes of pain with urination for 3 weeks.
He had a painful, swollen left ankle joint that resolved without treatment one week ago.
His mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
He is sexually active with 2 female partners and uses condoms inconsistently.
He appears anxious.
His temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), pulse is 68/min, and blood pressure is 100/80 mm Hg.
Examination shows bilateral inflammation of the conjunctiva.
The right knee is tender, erythematous, and swollen; range of motion is limited by pain.
There is tenderness at the left Achilles tendon insertion site.
Genital examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 14.5 g/dL
Leukocyte count 12,300/mm3
Platelet count 310,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 38 mm/h
Serum
Urea nitrogen 18 mg/dL
Glucose 89 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
Urine
Protein negative
Blood negative
WBC 12–16/hpf
RBC 1–2/hpf
An ELISA test for HIV is negative.
Arthrocentesis is done.
The synovial fluid is cloudy and a Gram stain is negative.
Analysis of the synovial fluid shows a leukocyte count of 26,000/mm3 and 75% neutrophils.
He avoids drinking liquids at night, but the symptoms have progressively worsened.
The medical history is significant for hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
He takes lisinopril, atorvastatin, and a multivitamin every day.
Today, the vital signs include: blood pressure 120/80 mm Hg, heart rate 90/min, respiratory rate 17/min, and temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F).
On physical examination, he appears tired.
The heart has a regular rate and rhythm and the lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
A bedside bladder ultrasound reveals a full bladder.
A digital rectal exam reveals an enlarged and symmetric prostate free of nodules, that is consistent with benign prostatic enlargement.
He also has a history of symptomatic hypotension with several episodes of syncope in the past.
The patient declines a prostate biopsy that would provide a definitive diagnosis and requests less invasive treatment.
He first noticed the lesion 2 months ago and thinks that it has increased in size since then.
The lesion is not painful or pruritic.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypercholesterolemia, and glaucoma.
The patient has smoked 1 pack of cigarettes daily for the last 40 years and drinks two to three beers on the weekend.
Current medications include metformin, atorvastatin, topical timolol, and a multivitamin.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
The lesion is partly elevated on palpation and does not change its form on pinching.
A photograph of the lesion is shown.
A total of 100 women with newly diagnosed chlamydial infection visiting an outpatient clinic for sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) were compared with 100 women from the same clinic who were found to be free of chlamydia and other STDs.
The women diagnosed with this infection were informed that the potential serious consequences of the disease could be prevented only by locating and treating their sexual partners.
Both groups of women were queried about the number of sexual partners they had had during the preceding 3 months.
The group of women with chlamydia reported an average of 4 times as many sexual partners compared with the group of women without chlamydia; the researchers, therefore, concluded that women with chlamydia visiting the clinic had significantly more sexual partners compared with women who visited the same clinic but were not diagnosed with chlamydia.
He was hiking in the Arizona desert when he accidentally stepped on the snake and it bit his right leg.
His pulse is 135/min and blood pressure is 104/81 mm Hg.
Examination shows right lower leg swelling, ecchymosis, and blistering.
Right ankle dorsiflexion elicits severe pain.
A manometer inserted in the lateral compartment of the lower leg shows an intracompartmental pressure of 67 mm Hg.
In addition to administration of the antivenom, the patient undergoes fasciotomy.
Two weeks later, he reports difficulty in walking.
Neurologic examination shows a loss of sensation over the lower part of the lateral side of the right leg and the dorsum of the right foot.
Right foot eversion is 1/5.
There is no weakness in dorsiflexion.
She also complains of lower abdominal discomfort and cramping, which is relieved by episodes of diarrhea.
She denies any recent change in her weight.
Bowel movements are preceded by a sensation of urgency, associated with mucus discharge, and followed by a feeling of incomplete evacuation.
The patient went camping several months earlier, and another member of her camping party fell ill recently.
Her temperature is 37° C (98.6° F), respiratory rate is 15/min, pulse is 67/min, and blood pressure is 122/98 mm Hg.
Her physical examination is unremarkable.
The patient was seen in the emergency department 3 days ago after hitting his head on a branch while biking under the influence of alcohol.
His head CT at the time was normal, and the patient was sent home with follow up instructions.
Since the event, he has experienced trouble focusing on his school work and feels confused at times while listening to lectures.
He states that he can’t remember the lectures and also says he has experienced a sensation of vertigo at times.
On review of systems, he states that he has felt depressed lately and has had trouble sleeping, though he denies any suicidal or homicidal ideation.
His temperature is 98.2°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 122/65 mmHg, pulse is 70/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
The patient’s neurological and cardiopulmonary exam are within normal limits.
Upon awakening from anesthesia, he jokes to his wife that he is now half the man that she once knew.
He likes to go hunting and consumed bear meat 1 month ago.
Examination shows periorbital edema and generalized muscle tenderness.
His leukocyte count is 12,000/mm3 with 19% eosinophils.
She is currently using latanoprost eye drops.
Her ophthalmologist adds another eye drop to her regimen to further decrease her IOP.
A week later, the patient returns because of persistent dim vision.
On exam, she has a small fixed pupil in her left eye as well as a visual acuity of 20/40 in her left eye compared to 20/20 in her right eye.
He has a past medical history significant for ulcerative colitis and chronic lower back pain.
He smokes at least 1 pack of cigarettes daily for 10 years.
The father of the patient died of colon cancer at the age of 50.
He takes sulfasalazine and naproxen.
The temperature is 38.9°C (102.0°F), the blood pressure is 131/87 mm Hg, the pulse is 74/min, and the respiratory rate is 16/min.
On physical examination, the patient appears tired and ill. His pharynx is erythematous with exudate along the tonsillar crypts.
The strep test comes back positive.
Her cancer has shown a partial response.
She also has a history of hypertension and poorly controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated by diabetic retinopathy.
Current medications include enalapril and insulin.
She asks her oncologist and hepatologist if she could try Noxbinle (tumorolimus) for its purported survival benefit in treating HCC.
Her prenatal course is unremarkable, but her obstetric history includes postpartum hemorrhage after her third pregnancy, attributed to a retained placenta.
The patient undergoes augmentation of labor with oxytocin and within four hours delivers a male infant with Apgar scores of 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
Three minutes later, the placenta passes the vagina, but a smooth mass attached to the placenta continues to follow.
Her temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 110/70 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 20/min.
The initial assessment demonstrates that the patient has a right-sided hydrothorax, ascites, and a large ovarian mass.
Surgery is performed to remove the ovarian mass, and the patient's ascites and pleural effusion resolve promptly.
He has a 2-month history of increasing generalized fatigue and severe pruritus.
He has hypertension and ulcerative colitis which was diagnosed via colonoscopy 5 years ago.
Current medications include lisinopril and rectal mesalamine.
He is sexually active with 2 female partners and uses condoms inconsistently.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 86/min, and blood pressure is 130/84 mm Hg.
Examination shows scleral icterus and multiple scratch marks on the trunk and extremities.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 11.5 g/dL
Leukocyte count 7500/mm3
Platelet count 280,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 138 mEq/L
Cl- 101 mEq/L
K+ 4.7 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 18 mg/dL
Glucose 91 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL
Bilirubin
Total 1.5 mg/dL
Direct 0.9 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 460 U/L
AST 75 U/L
ALT 78 U/L
Anti-nuclear antibody negative
Antimitochondrial antibodies negative
Abdominal ultrasound shows thickening of the bile ducts and focal bile duct dilatation.
She had been watching TV for several hours and while getting up to use the bathroom, she fell and was unconscious for several seconds.
She felt dizzy shortly before the fall.
She does not have a headache or any other pain.
She has a history of hypertension, intermittent atrial fibrillation, and stable angina pectoris.
Current medications include warfarin, aspirin, hydrochlorothiazide, and a nitroglycerin spray as needed.
Her temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F), pulse is 100/min and regular, and blood pressure is 102/56 mm Hg.
Physical exam shows a dry tongue.
A fold of skin that is pinched on the back of her hand unfolds after 2 seconds.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
She does not take any medications.
Physical examination shows a hyperpigmented rash around the base of her neck.
Cardiac examination shows a grade 4/6, holosystolic murmur in the 5th intercostal space at the left midclavicular line.
Echocardiography shows left-sided endocardial and valvular fibrosis with moderate mitral regurgitation; there are no septal defects or right-sided valvular defects.
Urinalysis shows increased 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid concentration.
The patient’s mother says his symptoms started 1 week ago with the acute onset of fever and a runny nose, which resolved over the next 3 days.
Then, 4 days later, she noted a rash on his face, which, after a day, spread to his neck, torso, and extremities.
The patient denies any pruritus or pain associated with the rash.
No recent history of sore throat, chills, or upper respiratory infection.
The patient has no significant past medical history and takes no medications.
The vital signs include: temperature 37.2°C (99.9°F) and pulse 88/min.
On physical examination, there is a maculopapular rash on his face, torso, and extremities, which spares the palms and soles.
The appearance of the rash is shown in the exhibit (see image below).
She says that this cough started about one month ago and has been increasing in intensity.
Over the counter medications are ineffective.
Past medical history is significant for cystic fibrosis diagnosed at the age of 6 years old, and pneumonia twice in the past 2 years.
Other than a cough, she has no fever or any other concerns.
A sputum samples grows aerobic, non-lactose fermenting, oxidase-positive, gram-negative bacillus.
The patient has been breastfeeding up until this point and has been meeting his developmental milestones.
He is in the 90th percentile for weight and 89th percentile for height.
This past week, the patient has been lethargic, vomiting, and has been refusing to eat.
The patient's parents state that he had an episode this morning where he was not responsive and was moving his extremities abnormally followed by a period of somnolence.
The patient's past medical history is notable for shoulder dystocia and poorly managed maternal diabetes during the pregnancy.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 60/30 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On physical exam, you note a lethargic infant with a sweet smell to his breath.
Past medical history is significant for chronic anorexia nervosa.
During the course of her stay, she is treated with parenteral fluids and nutrition management.
On the 4th day, her status changes.
Her blood pressure is 110/75 mm Hg, heart rate is 120/min, respiratory rate is 25/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
On physical exam, her heart is tachycardic with a regular rhythm and her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
She appears confused, disoriented, and agitated.
Strength in her lower extremities is 4/5.
For the past 9 months, he has had hand pain and stiffness that has progressively worsened.
He started a new medication for these symptoms 3 months ago.
Medications used prior to that included ibuprofen, prednisone, and hydroxychloroquine.
He does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Examination shows a subcutaneous nodule at his left elbow, old joint destruction with boutonniere deformity, and no active joint warmth or tenderness.
The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities.
His hemoglobin concentration is 10.5 g/dL, leukocyte count is 3500/mm3, and platelet count is 100,000/mm3.
He has a seizure disorder treated with valproic acid.
He has always had difficulties with his schoolwork.
He was able to walk independently at the age of 2 years and was able to use a fork and spoon at the age of 3 years.
Ophthalmic examination shows hyperpigmented iris nodules bilaterally.
A photograph of his skin examination findings is shown.
She states that it has been going on for the past month and started after she ate a burger cooked over a campfire.
She endorses having lost 10 pounds during this time.
The patient has no other complaints other than hoarseness which has persisted during this time.
The patient has a past medical history of obesity, hypothyroidism, diabetes, and anxiety.
Her current medications include insulin, metformin, levothyroxine, and fluoxetine.
She currently drinks 4 to 5 alcoholic beverages per day.
Her temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 157/98 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On physical exam, you note a healthy obese woman.
Cardiopulmonary exam is within normal limits.
HEENT exam is notable for a mass on the thyroid.
Abdominal exam is notable for a candida infection underneath the patient's pannus.
Pelvic exam is notable for a white, fish-odored discharge.
During her visit, a pelvic exam and Pap smear are performed.
The patient does not have any past medical issues and has had routine gynecologic care with normal pap smears every 3 years since age 21.
The results of the Pap smear demonstrate atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance (ASCUS).
During this period, he has also had problems with running, occasional falls, and standing from a chair.
He has not had any vision problems or muscle cramping.
There is no personal or family history of serious illness.
Neurological examination shows deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally and sensation to pinprick and light touch is normal.
Musculoskeletal examination shows enlarged calf muscles bilaterally.
He has a waddling gait.
Laboratory studies show a creatine kinase level of 1700 U/L.
His mother says that he had a sore throat 3 weeks ago but did not seek medical care at that time.
The family immigrated from the Middle East 3 years ago.
The patient has no past medical history.
The current illness started with a fever and a swollen right knee that was very painful.
The following day, his knee improved but his left elbow became swollen and painful.
While in the waiting room, his left knee is also becoming swollen and painful.
Vital signs include: temperature 38.7°C (101.6°F), and blood pressure 110/80 mm Hg.
On physical examination, the affected joints are swollen and very tender to touch, and there are circular areas of redness on his back and left forearm (as shown in the image).
She was recently diagnosed with an infiltrating ductal carcinoma of the breast.
She has a previous history of colonic polyps for which she undergoes bi-annual colonoscopy.
The maternal and paternal family history is unremarkable for polyps and malignant or benign tumors.
However, the patient reports that her 10-year-old son has dark brown pigmentation on his lips, and she also had similar pigmentation as a child.
Her discomfort is relieved by voiding.
She voids 10–15 times per day and wakes up 2–3 times per night to void.
She has not had any involuntary loss of urine.
She has tried cutting down on fluids and taking NSAIDs to reduce the discomfort with minimal relief.
Her past medical history is significant for bipolar disorder.
She is sexually active with her husband but reports that intercourse has recently become painful.
Current medications include lithium.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 65/min, and blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg.
Examination shows tenderness to palpation of her suprapubic region.
Urinalysis shows:
Color clear
pH 6.7
Specific gravity 1.010
Protein 1+
Glucose negative
Ketones negative
Blood negative
Nitrite negative
Leukocyte esterase negative
WBC 0/hpf
Squamous epithelial cells 2/hpf
Bacteria None
A pelvic ultrasound shows a postvoid residual urine is 25 mL.
A cystoscopy shows a normal urethra and normal bladder mucosa.
It only occurs at the extremes of her range of motion and has made it difficult to sleep on the affected side.
She has noticed increasing difficulty with activities of daily living, including brushing her hair and putting on or taking off her blouse and bra.
She denies a history of shoulder trauma, neck pain, arm/hand weakness, numbness, or paresthesias.
Her medical history is remarkable for type 2 diabetes mellitus, for which she takes metformin and glipizide.
Her physical examination reveals a marked decrease in both active and passive range of motion of the left shoulder, with forwarding flexion to 75°, abduction to 75°, external rotation to 45°, and internal rotation to 15° with significant pain.
Rotator cuff strength is normal.
AP, scapular Y, and axillary plain film radiographs are reported as normal.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows a large right-sided renal mass.
Biopsy of the mass shows polygonal clear cells filled with lipids.
She denies any recent trauma, insect bites, or travel.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination of the oral cavity shows white lace-like lines on the buccal mucosa.
A photograph of the rash is shown.
She is currently treated with ceftriaxone.
Despite the resolution of fever after the first 2 days of admission, her temperature is now 38.5°C (101.3°F).
On physical examination, she has mild generalized abdominal tenderness without abdominal guarding or rebound tenderness.
Laboratory studies show re-elevation of leukocyte counts.
Ceftriaxone is discontinued.
Since infancy, he has frequently had large-volume stools that are loose and greasy.
He was treated for otitis media twice in the past year.
He has a history of recurrent respiratory tract infections since birth.
He is at the 5th percentile for height and 3rd percentile for weight.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows softening of the occipital and parietal bones.
Scattered expiratory wheezing and rhonchi are heard throughout both lung fields.
The patient’s daughter says she sometimes gets angry and aggressive while at other times she seems lost and stares at her surroundings.
Her daughter also reports that she has seen her mother talking to empty chairs.
The patient says she sleeps well during the night but still feels sleepy throughout the day.
She has no problems getting dressed and maintaining her one bedroom apartment.
Past medical history is significant for mild depression and mild osteoporosis.
Current medications include escitalopram, alendronic acid, and a multivitamin.
The patient is afebrile, and her vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, the patient is alert and oriented and sitting comfortably in her chair.
A mild left-hand tremor is noted.
Muscle strength is 5 out of 5 in the upper and lower extremities bilaterally, but muscle tone is slightly increased.
She can perform repetitive alternating movements albeit slowly.
She walks with a narrow gait and has mild difficulty turning.
The pain radiates down the back of both legs and started after he lifted a concrete manhole cover from the ground.
Physical examination shows decreased sensation to light touch bilaterally over the lateral thigh area and lateral calf bilaterally.
Patellar reflex is decreased on both sides.
The passive raising of either the right or left leg beyond 30 degrees triggers a shooting pain down the leg past the knee.
The patient was at home eating dinner when he began moving abnormally and did not respond to his mother, prompting her to bring him in.
His symptoms persisted in the emergency department and were successfully treated with diazepam.
The patient is discharged and scheduled for a follow up appointment with neurology the next day for treatment.
The patient returns to his neurologist 1 month later for a checkup.
Physical exam is notable for carpopedal spasm when his blood pressure is being taken.
Cranial nerves II-XII are grossly intact and his gait is stable.
He has just recovered from an upper respiratory tract infection that began 5 days ago.
On questioning, he reports that he has had similar symptoms in the past each time he has had an upper respiratory tract infection.
Physical examination shows a 3 x 2-cm, nontender, rubbery midline mass at the base of the tongue.
His skin is dry and cool.
An image of his technetium-99m pertechnetate scan is shown.
He did not lose consciousness.
His coworkers report that 30 minutes prior to collapsing, he told them he was nauseous and had a headache.
The patient appears sweaty and lethargic.
He is not oriented to time, place, or person.
The patient’s vital signs are as follows: temperature 41°C (105.8°F); heart rate 133/min; respiratory rate 22/min; and blood pressure 90/52 mm Hg.
Examination shows equal and reactive pupils.
Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally.
His neck is supple.
A 0.9% saline infusion is administered.
A urinary catheter is inserted and dark brown urine is collected.
In addition to a standard bloodborne pathogen laboratory panel sent for all needlestick exposures at his hospital, additional hepatitis panels are ordered upon the patient's request.
She says that cough gets worse at night and her shortness of breath occurs with moderate exertion or when lying flat.
She says these symptoms have been getting worse over the last 6 months.
She mentions that she has to use 3 pillows while sleeping in order to relieve her symptoms.
She denies any chest pain, chest tightness, or palpitations.
Past medical history is significant for hypertension and diabetes mellitus type 2.
Her medications are amiloride, glyburide, and metformin.
Family history is significant for her father who also suffered diabetes mellitus type 2 before his death at 90 years old.
The patient says she drinks alcohol occasionally but denies any smoking history.
Her blood pressure is 130/95 mm Hg, temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), and heart rate is 100/min.
On physical examination, she has a sustained apical impulse, a normal S1 and S2, and a loud S4 without murmurs.
There are bilateral crackles present bilaterally.
A chest radiograph shows a mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette.
A transesophageal echocardiogram is performed and shows a normal left ventricular ejection fraction.
She says that the pain is worse when she inhales and is relieved by sitting up and leaning forward.
Her past medical history is significant for rheumatoid arthritis, myocardial infarction status post coronary artery bypass graft, and radiation for breast cancer 20 years ago.
Physical exam reveals a rubbing sound upon cardiac auscultation as well as increased jugular venous distention on inspiration.
Pericardiocentesis is performed revealing grossly bloody fluid.
Prior to admission, she was found unconscious by her parents on the floor of a residential treatment center.
The patient was started on a trial of nutritional rehabilitation upon arrival to the hospital.
Her temperature is 36°C (96.8°F), pulse is 47/min, and blood pressure is 90/60 mmHg.
She is 160 cm tall and weighs 35 kg; BMI is 14 kg/m2.
The patient appears emaciated.
Examination shows lower leg edema.
A 2/6 holosystolic murmur is heard over the 5th intercostal space at the midclavicular line.
AN ECG shows intermittent supraventricular tachycardia and QTc prolongation.
That morning the pain increased and he started to have chills and malaise.
Last week he had self-resolving left knee pain.
He is otherwise healthy and has not had any trauma to the wrist.
He recently returned from a camping trip to Minnesota.
He is sexually active with one female partner, who uses a diaphragm for contraception.
His temperature is 37.7°C (99.9°F).
Examination shows several painless violaceous vesiculopustular lesions on the dorsum of both wrists and hands; two lesions are present on the left palm.
There is swelling and erythema of the left wrist with severe tenderness to palpation and passive movement.
He says that his old doctor gave him "some pills" that he takes in varying amounts every morning.
Physical exam is significant for a severely displaced point of maximal impulse, bilateral rales in the lower lung fields, an S3 gallop, and hepatomegaly.
You decide to perform an EKG (shown in figure A).
Suddenly, his rhythm changes to ventricular tachycardia followed by ventricular fibrillation, and he syncopizes and expires despite resuscitative efforts.
The pain is dull and remitting, and the patient complains it sometimes migrates from one extremity to another.
His mother reports that his jaundice and pain have occurred periodically for the past 5 years.
At the time of presentation, his vital signs are as follows: the blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, the heart rate is 87/min, the respiratory rate is 17/min, and the temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F).
On physical examination, the patient appears to be pale with mildly icteric sclera and mucous membranes.
On auscultation, there is a soft systolic ejection murmur, and palpation reveals hepatosplenomegaly.
His musculoskeletal examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory investigations show the following results:
Complete blood count
Erythrocytes
3.7 x 106/mm3
Hgb
11 g/dL
Total leukocyte count
Neutrophils
Lymphocytes
Eosinophils
Monocytes
Basophils
7,300/mm3
51%
40%
2%
7%
0
Platelet count
151,000/mm3
Chemistry
Total bilirubin
3.1 mg/dL (53 µmol/L)
Direct bilirubin
0.5 mg/dL (8.55 µmol/L)
A peripheral blood smear shows numerous sickle-shaped red blood cells.
Among other questions, the patient’s mother asks you how his condition would influence his vaccination schedule.
The patient states that he feels like his muscles and bones are in constant pain.
This has persisted for the past several weeks, and his symptoms have not improved with use of ibuprofen or acetaminophen.
The patient has a past medical history of alcohol abuse, repeat episodes of pancreatitis, constipation, and anxiety.
He has a 22 pack-year smoking history.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 140/95 mmHg, pulse is 70/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
On physical exam, you note generalized tenderness/pain of the patient's extremities.
Abdominal exam reveals normoactive bowel sounds and is non-tender.
Dermatologic exam is unremarkable.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
She reports that her eyes feel “stuck together” with yellow crusts every morning.
She has a 3-year history of nasal allergies; her sister has allergic rhinitis.
She is sexually active with 2 male partners and uses an oral contraceptive; they do not use condoms.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Visual acuity is 20/20 in both eyes.
Ophthalmic examination shows edema of both eyelids, bilateral conjunctival injection, and a thin purulent discharge.
Examination of the cornea, anterior chamber, and fundus is unremarkable.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
The patient complains of excruciating chest pain, which he describes as tearing.
Further history reveals that the patient is healthy, taking no medications, and is not under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
On physical examination, his heart rate is 97/min.
His blood pressure is 95/40 mm Hg in the right arm and 60/30 mm Hg in the left arm.
Pulses are absent in the right leg and diminished in the left.
A neurological examination is normal.
A chest X-ray reveals a widened mediastinum.
The patient was at a lunch hosted by his employer.
He started to feel his symptoms begin when he started playing football outside with a few of the other employees.
The patient has a past medical history of atopic dermatitis and asthma.
His temperature is 98.3°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 87/58 mmHg, pulse is 150/min, respirations are 22/min, and oxygen saturation is 85% on room air.
She is 30 weeks pregnant.
She reports some fatigue and complains of urinary urgency.
Prior to this pregnancy, she had no significant medical history.
She takes a prenatal vitamin and folate supplements daily.
Her mother has diabetes, and her brother has coronary artery disease.
On physical examination, the fundal height is 25 centimeters.
A fetal ultrasound shows a proportional reduction in head circumference, trunk size, and limb length.
His son reports that he does not have a history of seizures but has had increasing confusion and weakness over the last several weeks.
An electrolyte panel reveals a sodium level of 120 mEq/L and a serum osmolality of 248 mOsm/kg.
His urine is found to have a high urine osmolality.
His temperature is 37° C (98.6° F), respirations are 15/min, pulse is 67/min, and blood pressure is 122/88 mm Hg.
On examination he is disoriented, his pupils are round and reactive to light and accommodation and his mucous membranes are moist.
His heart has a regular rhythm without murmurs, his lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally, the abdomen is soft, and his extremities have no edema but his muscular strength is 3/5 bilaterally.
There is hyporeflexia of all four extremities.
She states that the pain is present in the morning, and by the end of the day it is nearly unbearable.
Her past medical history is notable for a treated episode of acute renal failure, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and hypertension.
Her current medications include losartan, metformin, insulin, and ibuprofen.
The patient recently started taking high doses of vitamin D as she believes that it could help her symptoms.
She also states that she recently fell off the treadmill while exercising at the gym.
On physical exam you note an obese woman.
There is pain, decreased range of motion, and crepitus on physical exam of her right hip.
The patient points to the areas that cause her pain stating that it is mostly over the groin.
The patient's skin turgor reveals tenting.
Radiography is ordered.
She recently underwent a complete physical examination with routine laboratory tests.
She also had a Pap smear and testing for sexually transmitted diseases.
Since her divorce 2 years ago, she had sexual encounters with random men at bars or social events and frequently did not use any form of contraception during sexual intercourse.
She was shown to be positive for the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Combination anti-retroviral treatment is initiated including zidovudine, didanosine, and efavirenz.
One week later, she is rushed to the hospital where she is diagnosed with acute pancreatitis.
She has noted a rash that is rough with red-brown spots on her palms.
The rapid plasma reagin (RPR) test is positive.
The diagnosis is confirmed by darkfield microscopy.
These symptoms have been getting worse during the past week.
She has no history of any cardiac or pulmonary disease.
A chest X-ray reveals ipsilateral hilar enlargement and a rounded calcified focus near the right hilum.
A Mantoux test is positive.
Sputum samples are analyzed and acid-fast bacilli are identified on Ziehl-Neelsen staining.
The patient is started on a 4 drug regimen.
She returns after 6 months to the emergency department with complaints of joint pain, a skin rash that gets worse with sunlight and malaise.
The antinuclear antibody (ANA) and anti-histone antibodies are positive.
He has had generalized bone pain for 2 months.
He has no history of severe illnesses.
He takes ibuprofen for pain.
On examination, he is pale.
The vital signs include: temperature 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse 68/min, respiratory rate 16/min, and blood pressure 155/90 mm Hg.
The neurologic examination shows paraparesis.
The 8th thoracic vertebra is tender to palpation.
X-ray of the thoracic vertebrae confirms a compression fracture at the same level.
After 2 days in the hospital, the patient became delirious, tachypneic, and a petechial rash was found in his upper extremities.
The follow-up CT shows that the size of the nodule has increased to 2 cm.
Ipsilateral mediastinal lymph node involvement is noted.
A biopsy of the pulmonary nodule shows small, dark blue tumor cells with hyperchromatic nuclei and scarce cytoplasm.
Cranial MRI and skeletal scintigraphy show no evidence of other metastases.
He is grunting and has intercostal and subcostal retractions.
He has peripheral cyanosis as well.
An immediate chest radiograph is taken which shows a fine reticular granulation with ground glass appearance on both lungs.
She has no other symptoms and has no relevant medical history.
All of the appropriate post-surgery prophylactic measures had been taken.
Her labs from the 7th day of hospitalization are shown here:
The complete blood count results are as follows:
Hemoglobin 13 g/dL
Hematocrit 38%
Leukocyte count 8,000/mm3
Neutrophils 54%
Bands 3%
Eosinophils 1%
Basophils 0%
Lymphocytes 33%
Monocytes 7%
Platelet count 40,000/mm3
The coagulation tests are as follows:
Partial thromboplastin time (activated) 85 seconds
Prothrombin time 63 seconds
Reticulocyte count 1.2%
Thrombin time < 2 seconds deviation from control
The lab results from previous days were within normal limits.
He denies any pain during these episodes.
He works as a machine operator at a solar panels manufacturer.
He has a 21-pack-year history of smoking.
The medical history is significant for a perforated ulcer, in which he had to undergo gastric resection and bypass.
He also has a history of depression, and he is currently taking escitalopram.
The family history is unremarkable.
The patient weighs 69 kg (152 lb).
His height is 169 cm (5 ft 7 in).
The vital signs include: blood pressure 140/90 mm Hg, heart rate 95/min, respiratory rate 12/min, and temperature 36.6℃ (97.9℉).
Lung auscultation reveals widespread wheezes.
Cardiac auscultation shows decreased S1 and grade 1/6 midsystolic murmur best heard at the apex.
Abdominal and neurological examinations show no abnormalities.
A subsequent echocardiogram shows increased left ventricular mass and an ejection fraction of 50%.
The patient states it has slowly been worsening over the past 48 hours.
He admits to going out this past weekend and drinking large amounts of alcohol and having unprotected sex but cannot recall a predisposing event.
The patient's vitals are within normal limits.
Physical exam is notable for bilateral painful and red eyes with opacification and ulceration of each cornea.
The patient's contact lenses are removed and a slit lamp exam is performed and shows bilateral corneal ulceration.
The patient’s wife says that, over the past 3 years, he has become increasingly aggressive and easily agitated, which is extremely out of character for him.
His wife also says that he has had several episodes of urinary incontinence in the past month.
He has no significant past medical history.
The patient denies any history of smoking, alcohol use, or recreational drug use.
The patient is afebrile, and his vital signs are within normal limits.
A physical examination is unremarkable.
The patient takes the mini-mental status examination (MMSE) and scores 28/30.
A T2 magnetic resonance image (MRI) of the head is performed and the results are shown in the exhibit (see image).
She denies chest pain and shortness of breath.
She states that these episodes occur often, but resolve after eating a meal or drinking a sugary soda.
Past medical history is unremarkable, and she takes no medications.
Temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 18/min.
Fingerstick blood glucose level is 42 g/dL.
ECG reveals sinus tachycardia.
Urinalysis and toxicology are noncontributory.
Appropriate medical therapy is administered and she is discharged with an appointment for a fasting blood draw within the week.
She says that the patient has always been fair-skinned, but over the past month relatives have commented that he appears more pale.
The mother says that the patient seems to tire easy, but plays well with his older brother and has even started to walk.
She denies bloody or black stools, easy bruising, or excess bleeding.
She states that he is a picky eater, but he loves crackers and whole milk.
On physical examination, pallor of the conjunctiva is noted.
There is a grade II systolic ejection murmur best heard over the lower left sternal border that increases when the patient is supine.
Labs are drawn as shown below:

Leukocyte count: 6,500/mm^3 with normal differential
Hemoglobin: 6.4 g/dL
Platelet count: 300,000/mm^3
Mean corpuscular volume (MCV): 71 µm^3
Reticulocyte count: 2.0%

Serum iron: 34 mcg/dL
Serum ferritin: 6 ng/mL (normal range 7 to 140 ng/mL)
Total iron binding capacity (TIBC): 565 mcg/dL (normal range 240 to 450 mcg/dL)

On peripheral blood smear, there is microcytosis, hypochromia, and mild anisocytosis without basophilic stippling.
The patient denies any history of medical problems except for bilateral knee arthritis.
He was recently seen by an orthopedic surgeon to evaluate his bilateral knee arthritis but has opted to not undergo knee replacement and prefers medical management.
His wife noted that prior to them going on a hike today, he seemed confused and not himself.
They decided to stay home, and roughly 14 hours later, he was no longer making any sense.
Physical exam is notable for a confused man.
The patient's vitals are being performed and his labs are being drawn.
The family history is negative for breast, endometrial, and ovarian cancers.
She was formerly a flight attendant and since retirement, she has started a strict Mediterranean diet because she was "trying to compensate for her lack of physical activity".
She is the mother of two.
She breastfed each infant for 18 months, as recommended by her previous physician.
Her only two surgical procedures have been a breast augmentation with implants and tubal ligation.
The physical examination is unremarkable.
There are no palpable masses and no nipple or breast skin abnormalities.
The patient lacks a family history of breast cancer.
For the past 10 days, she has had dyspnea and palpitations occurring with mild exertion.
The patient returned from a hiking trip in Upstate New York 5 weeks ago.
Except for an episode of flu with fever and chills a month ago, she has no history of serious illness.
Her temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 45/min, respirations are 21/min, and blood pressure is 148/72 mm Hg.
A resting ECG is shown.
Two-step serological testing confirms the diagnosis.
Laboratory work-up and physical examination are suggestive of a diagnosis of prostatic adenocarcinoma.
A tissue biopsy is obtained, which confirms the diagnosis.
He complains that he has had difficulty walking, which he attributes to left leg weakness.
On exam, he is noted to have 1/5 strength in his left lower extremity, as well as decreased vibration and position sensation in the left lower extremity and decreased pain and temperature sensation in the right lower extremity.
Despite appropriate lifesaving measures, the newborn dies 2 hours later.
Autopsy shows bilateral renal agenesis.
The fevers persist for 7 to 10 days and then subside completely for about a week before returning again.
During this period, he has also noticed two painless lumps on his neck that have gradually increased in size.
Over the past year, he has had an 8.2-kg (18.1 lbs) weight loss.
Two years ago, he had a severe sore throat and fever, which was diagnosed as infectious mononucleosis.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for the past 10 years.
He does not drink alcohol.
His job involves monthly international travel to Asia and Africa.
He takes no medications.
His temperature is 39°C (102.2°F), pulse is 90/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 105/60 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows 2 enlarged, nontender, fixed cervical lymph nodes on each side of the neck.
Microscopic examination of a specimen obtained on biopsy of a cervical lymph node is shown.
He was recently admitted to the hospital due to a tibial fracture suffered while playing soccer.
His nurse states that he is difficult to arouse.
His temperature is 98.6 deg F (37 deg C), blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, pulse is 60/min, and respirations are 6/min.
Exam is notable for pinpoint pupils and significant lethargy.
Three days ago, he was diagnosed with a urinary tract infection and was treated with nitrofurantoin.
There is no personal history of serious illness.
His parents emigrated from Kenya before he was born.
Examination shows diffuse abdominal tenderness, mild splenomegaly, and scleral icterus.
His niece had similar symptoms 2 weeks ago and H1N1 influenza strain was isolated from her respiratory secretions.
He received his influenza vaccination 2 months ago.
His temperature is 38°C (100.4°F).
A rapid influenza test is positive.
The child demonstrates a strong cry and moves all his arms and legs upon birth.
Respirations are slow and irregular.
His temperature is 99.1°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 100/55 mmHg, pulse is 115/min, and respirations are 18/min.
At a follow up appointment, the physician notices that the infant’s torso and upper extremities are pink while his lower extremities have a bluish hue.
Intravenous antibiotic therapy is started.
Transesophageal echocardiography shows a large, oscillating vegetation attached to the tricuspid valve.
There are multiple small vegetations attached to tips of the tricuspid valve leaflets.
There is moderate tricuspid regurgitation.
The left side of the heart and the ejection fraction are normal.
He reports a three-hour history of dull substernal chest pain that radiates into his left arm and jaw.
He has experienced similar chest pain before that was brought on with exertion, but this pain is more severe and occurred with rest.
His past medical history includes gout, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia.
An EKG demonstrates ST segment depression.
Serum troponin is elevated.
In addition to aspirin, oxygen, and morphine, he is started on a sublingual medication.
The mother reports that she is breastfeeding her son about 7 times per day.
She also states that her son had two wet diapers and two bowel movements yesterday.
He was born at 38 weeks' gestation and weighed 3500 g (7.7 lb); he currently weighs 3000 g (6.6 lb).
His newborn screening was normal.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 180/min, and blood pressure is 75/45 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows scleral icterus, widespread jaundice, and dry mucous membranes.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
She has no previous medical history available.
At the hospital, the vital signs include: blood pressure 110/70 mm Hg, temperature 36.0°C (97.0°F), and heart rate 76/min with oxygen saturation 99% on room air.
On physical exam she is unconscious.
There are superficial burns on her hands and parts of her face.
Her face and clothes are blackened with soot.
There was no apparent injury on the primary survey.
She is not currently taking any medications.
She has had loose stools for the past 3 days and a decreased frequency of urination.
No further history could be obtained.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 94/62 mm Hg, temperature 36.7°C (98.0°F), pulse 105/min, and respiratory rate 10/min.
The skin appears dry.
Routine basic metabolic panel, urine analysis, urine osmolality, and urine electrolytes are pending.
Following initial stabilization, the patient is transferred to the ICU for management of his third-degree burn injuries.
On the second day of hospitalization, a routine laboratory panel is obtained, and the results are demonstrated below.
Per the nurse, he remains stable compared to the day prior.
His temperature is 99°F (37°C), blood pressure is 92/64 mmHg, pulse is 98/min, respirations are 14/min, and SpO2 is 98%.
A physical examination demonstrates an unresponsive patient with extensive burn injuries throughout his torso and lower extremities.
He was prescribed amoxicillin at another clinic and now has a diffuse rash all over his body.
He was treated for gonorrhea one year ago.
He has multiple sexual partners and uses condoms inconsistently.
He appears lethargic and thin.
His BMI is 19.0 kg/m2.
His temperature is 38.4°C (101.1°F), pulse 94/min, blood pressure 106/72 mm Hg.
Examination shows a morbilliform rash over his extremities.
Oropharyngeal examination shows tonsillar enlargement and erythema with exudates.
Tender cervical and inguinal lymphadenopathy is present.
Abdominal examination shows mild splenomegaly.
His past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type II, hypertension, non-seminomatous testicular cancer, and hypercholesterolemia.
He currently smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a glass of wine per day, and he currently denies any illicit drug use.
His vital signs include: temperature, 36.7°C (98.0°F); blood pressure, 126/74 mm Hg; heart rate, 87/min; and respiratory rate, 17/min.
On examination, his physician notices cervical and inguinal lymphadenopathy bilaterally, as well as splenomegaly.
The patient comments that he has lost 18.1 kg (40 lb) over the past 6 months without a change in diet or exercise, which he was initially not concerned about.
The physician orders a complete blood count and adds on flow cytometry.
He is being considered for a new drug therapy that works by modulating certain proteins released from the heart in patients with heart failure.
A drug called candoxatril is being investigated for its ability to inhibit the action of an endopeptidase that breaks down a vasodilatory mediator released from the heart, as well as, endothelin and bradykinin.
This mediator is known to promote the excretion of sodium from the body and improve the ejection fraction.
One of its side effects is its ability to increase angiotensin II levels which causes harm to patients with heart failure.
Therefore, to improve efficacy and reduce its adverse effects, candoxatril has to be used in conjunction with angiotensin receptor blockers.
Physical examination shows coarse crackles in both lungs and a blowing, holosystolic murmur heard best at the apex.
ECG shows Q waves in the anteroseptal leads.
Pulmonary capillary wedge pressure is 23 mm Hg.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 15 years.
His temperature is 38.8°C (102°F).
Physical examination shows decreased breath sounds and dullness on percussion above the right lower lobe.
An x-ray of the chest shows a right lower lobe density and a small amount of fluid in the right pleural space.
The patient's symptoms improve with antibiotic treatment, but he develops right-sided chest pain one week later.
Pulmonary examination shows new scratchy, high-pitched breath sounds on auscultation of the right lobe.
The patient denies any recent associated symptoms.
The past medical history is significant for polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), for which she takes metformin.
Her menarche occurred at age 11, and the patient still has regular menstrual cycles.
The family history is significant for breast cancer in her mother at the age of 72.
The review of systems is notable for a 6.8 kg (15 lb) weight loss in the past 2 months.
The vital signs include: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 130/70 mm Hg, pulse 82/min, respiratory rate 17/min, and oxygen saturation 98% on room air.
On physical examination, the patient is alert and cooperative.
The breast examination reveals no palpable masses, lymphadenopathy, or evidence of skin retraction.
An excisional biopsy of the left breast is performed, and histologic examination demonstrates evidence of non-invasive malignancy.
His mother states that the rash appeared 2 weeks ago and seems to be very itchy because the boy scratches his eyes often.
The patient is up to date on all of his vaccinations and is meeting all developmental milestones.
He has a history of asthma that was recently diagnosed.
On examination, the patient is playful and alert.
He has scaly, erythematous skin surrounding both eyes and his mouth.
Bilateral pupils are equal and reactive to light and accommodation, and conjunctiva is clear, with no evidence of jaundice or exudates.
The pharynx and oral mucosa are within normal limits, and no lesions are present.
Expiratory wheezes can be heard in the lower lung fields bilaterally.
He states that he was gardening, came inside, looked in the mirror, and then noticed his eyelids were swollen.
He denies pain, pruritus, or visual disturbances.
He states that he was drinking “a lot of water" to prevent dehydration, because it was hot outside this morning.
His medical history is significant for rheumatoid arthritis.
He takes methotrexate and acetaminophen as needed.
The patient’s temperature is 98°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 168/108 mmHg, and pulse is 75/min.
Physical examination is notable for periorbital edema, hepatomegaly, and bilateral 1+ pitting lower extremity edema.
Labs and a urinalysis are obtained, as shown below:

Leukocyte count: 11,000/mm^3
Hemoglobin: 14 g/dL

Serum:
Na: 138 mEq/L
K+: 4.3 mEq/L
Cl-: 104 mEq/L
HCO3-: 25 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen: 26 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.4 mg/dL
Glucose: 85 mg/dL
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST, GOT): 15 U/L
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT, GPT): 19 U/L
Albumin: 2.0 g/dL

Urine:
Protein: 150 mg/dL
Creatinine: 35 mg/dL

An abdominal ultrasound reveals an enlarged liver with heterogeneous echogenicity and enlarged kidneys with increased echogenicity in the renal parenchyma.
A biopsy of the kidney is obtained.
She complains of swelling of her legs and face, which is worse in the morning and decreases during the day.
She was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus a year ago and prescribed metformin, but she has not been compliant with it preferring ‘natural remedies’ over the medications.
She does not have a history of cardiovascular disease or malignancy.
Her vital signs are as follows: blood pressure measured on the right hand is 130/85 mm Hg, on the left hand, is 110/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 79/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, and the temperature is 36.6℃ (97.9°F).
Physical examination reveals S1 accentuation best heard in the second intercostal space at the right sternal border.
Facial and lower limbs edema are evident.
The results of the laboratory tests are shown in the table below.
He has had a fever, sore throat, and malaise for the last 2 days.
Vital signs reveal a temperature of 38.1°C (100.5°F), blood pressure of 120/82 mm Hg, and a pulse of 95/min.
His family history is noncontributory.
Physical examination reveals enlarged tonsils with tender anterior cervical lymphadenopathy.
Urinalysis shows pink urine with 20–25 red cells/high power field and 2+ protein.
He had been discharged from the hospital 10 days ago when he was admitted for acute myocardial infarction.
It was successfully treated with percutaneous coronary intervention.
During the physical exam, the patient prefers to hunch forwards as this decreases his chest pain.
He says the pain is in the middle of the chest and radiates to his back.
Despite feeling unwell, the patient denies any palpitations or shortness of breath.
Vitals signs include: pulse 90/min, respiratory rate 20/min, blood pressure 134/82 mm Hg, and temperature 36.8°C (98.2°F).
The patient is visibly distressed and is taking shallow breaths because deeper breaths worsen his chest pain.
An ECG shows diffuse ST elevations.
The mass has grown slowly over the past six months and is not painful.
The patient’s past medical history is notable for hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
She takes lisinopril and rosuvastatin.
On examination, there is a firm, immobile mass on the medial aspect of the distal thigh.
She has full range of motion and strength in her lower extremities and patellar reflexes are 2+ bilaterally.
A biopsy of the mass reveals multiple pleomorphic smooth muscle cells with nuclear atypia.
The patient subsequently initiates radiation therapy with plans to undergo surgical resection.
Her symptoms began approximately 3 days ago, when she noticed pain with urination and mild blood in her urine.
Earlier this morning she experienced chills, flank pain, and mild nausea.
Approximately 1 month ago she had the "flu" that was rhinovirus positive and was treated with supportive management.
She has a past medical history of asthma.
She is currently sexually active and uses contraception inconsistently.
She occasionally drinks alcohol and denies illicit drug use.
Family history is significant for her mother having systemic lupus erythematosus.
Her temperature is 101°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 125/87 mmHg, pulse is 101/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On physical examination, she appears uncomfortable.
There is left-sided flank, suprapubic, and costovertebral angle tenderness.
During the past week, his family members noticed a yellowish coloring of his skin and eyes.
He occasionally uses cocaine and ecstasy, and he drinks alcohol (about 20 g) on weekends.
The patient also admits to high-risk sexual behavior and does not use appropriate protection.
Physical examination shows heart rate of 94/min, respiratory rate of 13/min, temperature of 37.0°C (98.6°F), and blood pressure of 110/60 mm Hg.
The patient shows psychomotor agitation, and he is not oriented to time and space.
Other findings include asterixis, jaundice on the skin and mucous membranes, and epistaxis.
The rest of the physical examination is normal.
She reports that she continuously paces around the house and is unable to sit still for more than 10 minutes at a time.
During this period, she has had multiple episodes of anxiety with chest tightness and shortness of breath.
She was diagnosed with a psychotic illness 2 months ago.
Her current medications include haloperidol and a multivitamin.
She appears agitated.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
The examination was interrupted multiple times when she became restless and began to walk around the room.
He says that his symptoms onset gradually 5 days ago and have progressively worsened.
Past medical history is significant for chronic alcoholism.
His vital signs are blood pressure 100/60 mm Hg, temperature 36.9°C (98.4°F), respiratory rate 18/min, and pulse 98/min.
On physical examination, there is bilateral pedal edema and decreased sensation in both feet.
Basal crackles and rhonchi are heard on pulmonary auscultation bilaterally.
Cardiac exam is unremarkable.
A chest radiograph shows a maximal horizontal cardiac diameter to a maximal horizontal thoracic ratio of 0.7.
She also developed swelling of the tongue and lips.
She has heart failure and was recently diagnosed with hypertension.
She was started on a medication, the first dose of which she took this afternoon before her symptoms started.
Her blood pressure is 167/88 mm Hg, the respiratory rate is 17/min, and the pulse is 78/min.
The physical examination reveals a skin rash on the back and abdomen.
There is a mild swelling of the lips and tongue.
Chest auscultation does not reveal any abnormal breath sounds.
She says she has a 8 week history of chronic diarrhea.
She is also found to be intolerant to heat and has been significantly losing her hair.
She denies any recent changes to her diet.
The patient is afebrile and her vital signs are within normal limits.
Her weight today is 45.0 kg (99.2 lb) which is 4.5 kg (10 lb) less than her weight during her last visit 2 months back.
On physical examination, the patient is anxious and has a non-intention tremor.
Significant exophthalmos is present.
Laboratory findings are significant for a low TSH, elevated free T4 and free T3, and a positive thyroid stimulating immunoglobulin assay.
She still wants to conceive a baby and asks for an appropriate treatment that is safe in pregnancy.
Despite modifying his lifestyle, his blood pressure remained elevated on 2  separate subsequent occasions.
He was prescribed an anti-hypertensive medication.
After 3 weeks, the swelling of the lips shown in the accompanying photograph was observed.
One week ago, she returned from summer camp.
She has received all age-appropriate immunizations.
Her temperature is 39.1°C (102.3°F).
She is oriented to person, place, and time.
Physical examination shows a maculopapular rash.
There is rigidity of the neck; forced flexion of the neck results in involuntary flexion of the knees and hips.
His mother reports him to be doing well and has no concerns.
The boy was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
He is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
On physical exam, he is noted to have a right upper extremity blood pressure of 150/80 mm Hg.
2+ radial pulses and trace femoral pulses are felt.
Cardiac auscultation reveals a regular rate and rhythm with a normal S1 and S2.
A 2/6 long systolic murmur with systolic ejection click is heard over left sternal border and back.
Two months ago, she underwent left renal transplantation for recurrent glomerulonephritis.
At the time of discharge, her creatinine was 0.9 mg/dL.
She feels well.
Current medications include tacrolimus and azathioprine.
Her pulse is 85/min and blood pressure is 135/75 mmHg.
Physical examination shows a well-healed surgical scar on her left lower abdomen.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Five years ago, she emigrated from Eastern Europe.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 20 years.
She has a history of using methamphetamines and cocaine but quit 5 years ago.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows jugular venous pulsations 9 cm above the sternal angle.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
There is a normal S1 and a loud, split S2.
An impulse can be felt with the fingers left of the sternum.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
The fingertips are enlarged and the nails are curved.
There is pitting edema around the ankles bilaterally.
An x-ray of the chest shows pronounced central pulmonary arteries and a prominent right heart border.
The patient is severely injured and requires life support after splenectomy and evacuation of a subdural hematoma.
Past medical history is unremarkable.
The patient’s family members, including wife, parents, siblings, and grandparents, are informed about the patient’s condition.
The patient has no living will and there is no durable power of attorney.
The patient must be put in an induced coma for an undetermined period of time.
One week ago, she developed a low-grade fever, rhinorrhea, and headache, followed by a facial rash 4 days later.
The facial rash did not involve the perioral skin.
Her temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F).
A photograph of the rash on her lower arms is shown.
On presentation, he is found to be very weak and is having difficulty breathing.
His past medical history is significant for multiple prior infections requiring hospitalization including otitis media, upper respiratory infections, pneumonia, and sinusitis.
His family history is also significant for a maternal uncle who died of an infection as a child.
Lab findings include decreased levels of IgG, IgM, IgA, and plasma cells with normal levels of CD4 positive cells.
The patient was born at 38 weeks gestation to a 29-year-old primigravid via vaginal delivery.
The newborn period has thus far been uncomplicated.
The patient has been exclusively breastfed since birth.
Her parents report that feeding had previously seemed to be going well, and the patient has been gaining weight appropriately.
Over the past several days, the patient’s mother has noticed that the patient seems to tire out before the end of the feeding.
She has also noticed that the patient begins to appear short of breath and has a bluish discoloration of her lips.
The patient’s height and weight were in the 20th and 10th percentile at birth, respectively.
Her current height and weight are in the 20th and 15th percentiles, respectively.
Her temperature is 98.0°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 60/48 mmHg, pulse is 143/min, and respirations are 40/min.
On physical exam, the patient is in no acute distress and appears well developed.
A systolic crescendo-decrescendo murmur can be heard at the left upper sternal border.
Her abdomen is soft, non-tender, and non-distended.
During the abdominal exam, the patient begins crying and develops cyanosis of the perioral region.
Physical examination shows diffuse petechiae on the patient’s distal extremities.
Peripheral blood smear shows an absence of platelet clumping.
An ELISA binding assay reveals that platelet surfaces are deficient in GIIb/IIIa receptors.
Serum platelet count is normal.
The patient is not able to offer a medical history during initial presentation.
His temperature is 97.6°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 104/74 mmHg, pulse is 150/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On exam, he does not open his eyes, he withdraws to pain, and he makes incomprehensible sounds.
He has obvious signs of trauma to the chest and abdomen.
His abdomen is distended and markedly tender to palpation.
He also has an obvious open deformity of the left femur.
Her husband says her symptoms began suddenly, and she is also unable to speak.
Her pulse is 90/min, respirations are 18/min, temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), and blood pressure is 150/98 mm Hg.
An ECG is obtained and is shown below.
These symptoms began several months ago and have been getting worse such that they interfere with her work as a secretary.
She says that the pain is worse in the morning and she has been woken up at night by the pain.
The tingling sensations have been located primarily in the thumb, index and middle fingers.
On physical exam atrophy of the thenar eminence is observed and the pain is reproduced when the wrist is maximally flexed.
Examination shows jaundice.
Ultrasonography of the abdomen shows cholelithiasis and marked dilation of the biliary duct.
An ERCP is performed and reveals pus with multiple brown concrements draining from the common bile duct.
No significant past medical history.
No current medications.
Before the procedure, the patient is allowed to inhale colorless, sweet-smelling gas.
After the procedure, the patient receives 3–4 minutes of high flow oxygen through a nasal mask.
The pulse oximetry shows an oxygen saturation of 94%.
He used to have similar symptoms in the past while playing tennis with his friends.
Yesterday, while moving furniture in his new home, he experienced this pain that lasted for 20 minutes and radiated towards his jaw and shoulder.
He has been diagnosed with diabetes mellitus and hypertension for over 10 years and regularly takes his medications.
The pain is not associated with nausea, vomiting, food intake, sweating, or cough.
On physical examination, the patient is not in acute distress.
His blood pressure is 135/85 mm Hg, heart rate is 80/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, temperature is 36.9°C (98.5°F), and BMI is 30 kg/m2.
On physical examination, bilateral vesicular breath sounds are heard with absent chest tenderness.
Cardiovascular examination reveals normal S1 and S2 without any abnormal sounds or murmur.
Abdominal examination is within normal limit.
He also mentions that he tends to tire easily.
He denies chest pain, breathlessness, dizziness, or syncope, but has a history of ischemic heart disease.
He smokes 1 pack of cigarettes every day and drinks alcohol occasionally.
The physical examination revealed a temperature of 36.9°C (98.4°F), a pulse of 124/min (irregular), a blood pressure of 142/86 mm Hg, and a respiratory rate of 16/min.
Auscultation of his chest is normal with an absence of rales overall lung fields.
An ECG was significant for fibrillatory waves and an irregular RR interval.
Thus, the physician concludes that the symptoms are due to atrial fibrillation.
The patient is prescribed oral diltiazem.
She reports that her “bones hurt” and that she has experienced worsening constipation over the past few months.
Her medical history is notable for three kidney stones within the past year that both passed spontaneously.
Her vital signs are stable.
Physical examination reveals a small nodule near the right inferior pole of the thyroid.
He was born full term by vaginal delivery to a 40-year-old G4P3-->4 mother.
Her pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated, notable only for declining genetic testing.
On exam, her son has a flat face, a fold in the upper eyelid, palpebral fissures that appear to slant upwards, and small ears.
The patient does not take birth control and her urine pregnancy test is negative today.
Physical exam reveals a patient that is hyper-reflexive with a non-tender symmetrically enlarged thyroid gland.
You order thyroid function tests for workup.
Her son claims she has been misplacing her medications and money throughout the house.
She recently lost her husband to old age and has become reclusive and no longer wants people to visit.
Physical examination is unremarkable and the patient is oriented to person, time, and place.
A mini-mental status examination (MMSE) is performed and she has difficulty recalling words after 5 minutes and also has problems with serial subtraction.
The pain is relieved by rest.
It started slowly about 6 months ago and has become more painful over time.
He has a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, and smoking.
Medications include hydrochlorothiazide, atorvastatin, metformin, and a multivitamin that he takes daily.
The patient does not smoke and only drinks socially.
Today, his blood pressure is 145/90 mm Hg, pulse is 75/min, respiratory rate is 17/min, and temperature is 37.6°C (99.6°F).
On physical exam, he appears mildly obese and healthy.
His heart has a regular rate and rhythm, and his lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Examination of the legs shows atrophic changes and diminished pedal pulses.
A measure of his ankle brachial index (ABI) is 0.89.
The patient reports that he was in his usual state of health until 1 month ago, when he developed a cold.
Since then his cold has improved, but he continues to have a cough and worsening asthma symptoms.
He says that he has been using his rescue inhaler 3 times a day with little improvement.
He is studying for an accounting exam and states that his asthma is keeping him up at night and making it hard for him to focus during the day.
The patient admits to smoking tobacco.
His smoking has increased from a half pack per day since he was 17 years old to 1 pack per day during the past month to cope with the stress of his exam.
The patient’s temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 110/74 mmHg, pulse is 75/min, and respirations are 15/min with an oxygen saturation of 97% on room air.
Physically examination is notable for mild expiratory wheezes bilaterally.
Labs are obtained, as shown below:

Serum:
Na+: 144 mEq/L
Cl-: 95 mEq/L
K+: 4.3 mEq/L
HCO3-: 23 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen: 24 mg/dL
Glucose: 100 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.6 mg/dL

Leukocyte count and differential:
Leukocyte count: 13,000/mm^3
Segmented neutrophils: 63%
Eosinophils: 15%
Basophils: < 1%
Lymphocytes: 20%
Monocytes: 1.3%
Hemoglobin: 13.5 g/dL
Hematocrit: 50%
Platelets: 200,000/mm^3

Urinalysis reveals proteinuria and microscopic hematuria.
He also noticed that his urine appeared darker than usual and for the last 2 days he has passed only small amounts of urine.
His temperature is 37.5°C (98.6°F), pulse is 88/min, respirations are 15/min, and blood pressure is 154/98 mm Hg.
Examination shows 2+ pretibial edema bilaterally.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.9 g/dL
Leukocyte count 8200/mm3
Platelet count 220,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 137 mEq/L
Cl- 102 mEq/L
K+ 4.8 mEq/L
HCO3- 22 mEq/L
Glucose 85 mg/dL
Urea nitrogen 34 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.4 mg/dL
Urine
Blood 2+
Protein 3+
Glucose negative
RBC 10–12/HPF with dysmorphic features
RBC casts numerous
Renal biopsy specimen shows a crescent formation in the glomeruli with extracapillary cell proliferation.
He underwent a left lower limb angiography for femoral artery stenosis and had a stent placed 2 weeks ago.
He has peripheral artery disease, coronary artery disease, hypercholesterolemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 34 years.
Current medications include enalapril, aspirin, simvastatin, metformin, and sitagliptin.
His temperature is 36.7°C (98°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 116/72 mm Hg.
Examination shows a 3-cm (1.2-in) tender, pulsatile mass in the left groin.
The skin over the area of the mass shows no erythema and is cool to the touch.
A loud bruit is heard on auscultation over this area.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Results of a complete blood count and serum electrolyte concentrations show no abnormalities.
Duplex ultrasonography shows an echolucent sac connected to the common femoral artery, with pulsatile and turbulent blood flow between the artery and the sac.
She says that the symptoms started when she went to dinner with friends and had a drink of alcohol.
Her past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes, and she was recently started on a new medication for this disease.
She says that she was warned that she might experiences these symptoms as a side effect of a new medication, but she did not realize how severe they would be.
Pulmonary angiography shows a large saddle embolus in the pulmonary arteries.
Emergency drug therapy is administered and she is admitted to the hospital for observation.
A follow-up CT scan of the chest shortly after admission shows that the thrombus has disappeared.
Five hours later, the patient is found to be lethargic with slurred speech.
Physical examination shows decreased consciousness, dysarthria, and optic disc swelling bilaterally.
The mother received adequate prenatal care throughout the pregnancy, and has no medical conditions.
On physical exam, the infant's temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), blood pressure is 70/45 mmHg, pulse is 170/min, and respirations are 40/min.
The infant has dry mucous membranes, capillary refill of 4 seconds, and a depressed anterior fontanelle.
No abdominal masses are noted.
Genital exam shows enlargement of the clitoris with fusion of the labioscrotal folds.
Serum chemistry is remarkable for hyponatremia and hyperkalemia.
The infant's karyotype is 46,XX.
The pain has awoken him from his sleep on multiple occasions.
He tried ibuprofen but has had no relief of his symptoms.
There is no family or personal history of serious illness.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
On examination, the left knee is mildly swollen and tender; range of motion is limited by pain.
An x-ray of the left knee is shown.
He is constantly arguing with his parents and blatantly defying their every request.
In school, he is known for being intentionally tardy and for defying his teachers.
Upon further questioning of the patient you learn about some of his recent behaviors such as beginning smoking to bother his parents.
You also notice that he is disrespectful towards you.
You then learn that he has also gotten into weekly fights with his peers at school with no apparent cause.
In addition, last week he was seen hitting one of the local neighborhood cats with a baseball bat trying to kill it.
The patient lives at home with his two parents in a pre-World War II house that was recently renovated.
Physical exam is unremarkable.
Laboratory values are as follows:

Na: 140 mmol/L
K: 4.5 mmol/L
Cl: 100 mmol/L
Glucose: 80 mg/dL
Ca: 10 mmol/L
Mg: 3 mEq/L
Cr: 0.8 mg/dL
BUN: 10 mg/dL
Serum lead: < .01 µg/dL
Hb: 15 g/dL
Hct: 45%
MCV: 95
Urine toxicology: negative

As the patient leaves the office you notice him stealing all of the candy from the office candy bowl.
The patient seems unconcerned about his behavior overall.
She was born via spontaneous vaginal delivery at 38 weeks gestation to a gravida 1, para 0 healthy mother who received routine prenatal care.
The patient is small for her gestational age.
She manifests lower-extremity cyanosis along with a mesh-like mass on the back of her neck.
Her vital signs are: pulse, 150/min; respirations, 48/min; and blood pressure, 120/80 mm Hg in the right arm, 124/82 mm Hg in the left arm, 80/40 mm Hg in the right leg, and 85/45 mm Hg in the left leg.
Femoral pulses are 1+ and delayed.
Cardiac examination shows a continuous murmur in the interscapular area.
Auscultation of the lung reveals faint crackles at the base of the lung fields bilaterally.
He has been unable to move his right elbow since the fall.
Examination shows ecchymosis, swelling, and tenderness of the right elbow; range of motion is limited by pain.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
An x-ray of the right arm is shown.
The patient has coarse facial features and stiff joint movements with restricted passive and active range of motion.
He also has problems following objects with his eyes and seems not to focus on anything.
On physical examination, the corneas are clouded, and the patient fails to meet any 3-month developmental milestones.
Genetic testing and histopathology are performed and reveal failure of a cellular structure to phosphorylate mannose residues on glycoproteins.
An electron microscopy image of one of this patient’s cells is shown.
She feels well.
Menses occur with normal flow at regular 28-day intervals and last for 3 to 5 days.
Her last menstrual period was 20 days ago.
She is sexually active with one male partner and they use condoms inconsistently.
Her sister was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 40 years.
She drinks a glass of wine occasionally with dinner and has smoked 10 cigarettes daily for the past 15 years.
The patient's vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination including a complete pelvic exam shows no abnormalities.
Urine pregnancy test is negative.
A Pap smear shows atypical glandular cells.
Approximately 6 months ago, he started to develop gradually worsening right arm weakness that progressed to difficulty walking about three months ago.
His past medical history is notable for a transient ischemic attack, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes mellitus.
He takes aspirin, lisinopril, atorvastatin, metformin, and glyburide.
He does not smoke and he drinks alcohol occasionally.
Physical examination reveals 4/5 strength in right shoulder abduction and right arm flexion.
A tremor is noted in the right hand.
Strength is 5/5 throughout the left upper extremity.
Patellar reflexes are 3+ bilaterally.
Sensation to touch and vibration is intact in the bilateral upper and lower extremities.
Tongue fasciculations are noted.
The patient states that he was at home enjoying his morning coffee when his symptoms began.
He says that his left arm suddenly felt very odd and weak thus prompting him to come to the ED.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes, COPD, hypertension, anxiety, alcohol abuse, and PTSD.
He recently fell off a horse while horseback riding but claims to not have experienced any significant injuries.
He typically drinks 5-7 drinks per day and his last drink was yesterday afternoon.
His current medications include insulin, metformin, atorvastatin, lisinopril, albuterol, and fluoxetine.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 177/118 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 18/min, and oxygen saturation is 93% on room air.
On physical exam, you note an elderly man who is mildly confused.
Cardiopulmonary exam demonstrates bilateral expiratory wheezes and a systolic murmur along the right upper sternal border that radiates to the carotids.
Neurological exam reveals cranial nerves II-XII as grossly intact with finger-nose exam mildly abnormal on the left and heel-shin exam within normal limits.
The patient has 5/5 strength in his right arm and 3/5 strength in his left arm.
The patient struggles to manipulate objects such as a pen with his left hand.
The patient is given a dose of diazepam and started on IV fluids.
He appears to have sustained no major injuries just minor scratches and lacerations, but appears to be paranoid, anxious, and is complaining of thirst.
He has conjunctival injection and has slowed reflexes.
A police officer explained that he had confiscated contraband from the vehicle of the male.
She reports that the pain is not new and usually starts within half an hour of eating a meal.
The pain has been previously diagnosed as biliary colic, and she underwent a cholecystectomy three months ago for symptomatic biliary colic.
Her liver reportedly looked normal at that time.
The patient dates the onset of these episodes to shortly after she underwent a sleeve gastrectomy several years ago, and the episodes were more severe immediately following that surgery.
Her postsurgical course was otherwise uncomplicated, and she has lost fifty pounds since then.
She has a past medical history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, osteoarthritis, and obesity.
She denies alcohol or tobacco use.
Her home medications are hydrochlorothiazide, enalapril, atorvastatin, and vitamin supplements.
RUQ ultrasound reveals a surgically absent gallbladder and a dilated common bile duct without evidence of stones.
Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) shows no evidence of biliary compression or obstruction, and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) shows no evidence of biliary stones or sludge.
His friends who accompanied him said that he complained of abdominal pain while camping.
They denied his consumption of anything unusual from the wilderness, or any vomiting or diarrhea.
His temperature is 100.5°F (38.1°C), blood pressure is 95/55 mmHg, pulse is 130/min, and respirations are 30/min.
His pupils are equal and reactive to light bilaterally.
The remainder of the physical exam is unremarkable.
His basic metabolic panel is displayed below:

Serum:
Na+: 116 mEq/L
Cl-: 70 mEq/L
K+: 4.0 mEq/L
HCO3-: 2 mEq/L
BUN: 50 mg/dL
Glucose: 1010 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.2 mg/dL

While the remainder of his labs are pending, the patient becomes bradypneic and is intubated.
His ventilator is adjusted to volume control assist-control with a respiratory rate (RR) of 14/min, tidal volume (Vt) of 350 mL, positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) of 5 cm H2O, and fractional inspired oxygen (FiO2) of 40%.
His height is 5 feet 5 inches.
Intravenous fluids and additional medical therapy are administered.
She reports that these rashes first appeared 6 months ago.
They occur episodically and usually start as reddish spots, which then expand in size and ulcerate over the next ten days.
They resolve spontaneously and reappear at another location a few days later.
Over the past 6 months, has had multiple episodes of diarrhea.
She has lost 8 kg weight over this period and feels tired constantly.
She has not had fever.
She was treated for deep venous thrombosis 3 years ago, and took medication for it for 6 months after the episode.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
She appears pale and has multiple, tender, ulcerative skin lesions on her legs and buttocks.
Her hemoglobin is 9.6 mg/dL, mean corpuscular volume is 82 μm3, and fingerstick blood glucose concentration is 154 mg/dL.
Her serum glucagon is elevated.
Abdominal ultrasonography reveals a 5.6 cm, well-demarcated, hypoechoic mass in the pancreatic body and multiple, small masses in the liver of variable echogenicity.
She has hypertension and diabetes, both of which are well controlled on oral medications.
She also admits to occasional use of recreational injection drugs so a panel of serologies are obtained.
Based on the results, the patient is found to have had a previous infection with hepatitis B from which she has fully recovered.
She has refractory acid reflux and antral and duodenal peptic ulcers for which she takes omeprazole.
She also has chronic, foul-smelling, light-colored diarrhea.
Five years ago she was successfully treated for infertility with bromocriptine.
She reports recently feeling sad and unmotivated at work.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
She is 175 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 100 kg (220 lb); BMI is 32.7 kg/m2.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.8°F), pulse is 78/min, and blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is moderately distended and diffusely tender to palpation.
There is mild costovertebral angle tenderness.
Her serum calcium concentration is 12 mg/dL, phosphorus concentration is 2 mg/dL, and parathyroid hormone level is 900 pg/mL.
Abdominal ultrasound shows mobile echogenic foci with acoustic shadowing in her ureteropelvic junctions bilaterally.
Episodes last between 20 minutes and 1 hour.
During the episodes she experiences the sudden onset of spinning sensations and imbalance, associated with a ringing in her left ear.
She also reports progressive left-sided hearing loss and is unable to follow conversations in noisy surroundings.
She has had an upper respiratory infection for the past 5 days, which is being treated with erythromycin.
She has been otherwise healthy.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows no abnormalities.
Pure tone audiometry shows a combined low- and high-frequency sensory loss of the left ear with normal hearing in the mid frequencies.
The pain is constant and she describes it as 8 out of 10 in intensity.
She has the strong feeling that she is being watched.
She has not had a bowel movement for 2 days.
She began experiencing tingling in parts of her lower extremities 4 hours ago.
She consumed a large number of alcoholic beverages prior to the onset of the abdominal pain.
Her temperature is 38°C (100.8°F), pulse is 113/min, and blood pressure is 148/88 mm Hg.
She appears distracted and admits to hearing whispering intermittently during the examination, which shows a distended abdomen and mild tenderness to palpation diffusely.
There is no guarding or rebound tenderness present.
Bowel sounds are decreased.
There is weakness of the iliopsoas and hamstring muscles.
Sensation is decreased over the lower extremities.
Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ in the lower extremities.
Mental status examination shows she is oriented only to person and place.
A complete blood count and serum concentrations of electrolytes, glucose, creatinine are within the reference range.
They have no complaints or concerns at this time.
He was born at 37 weeks gestation by cesarean delivery.
The delivery was complicated by an omphalocele and macrosomia.
During infancy and into early childhood, he struggled to breathe and eat due to an enlarged tongue.
Growth and development were mostly normal with mild uneven growth of his body.
He has one uncle that had similar symptoms and is alive and well.
The child is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting developmental goals.
He enjoys school and playing with his friends.
His heart rate of 90/min, respiratory rate of 22/min, blood pressure of 110/65 mm Hg, and temperature of 36.9°C (98.4°F).
Overall the child appears healthy.
Physical exam findings include known hemihypertrophy of the right side along with a mildly enlarged tongue.
Over the last several months he has had increasing difficulty with remembering recent events.
She mentions that he is embarrassed due to a new inability to control urination.
His medical history is significant for hypertension and insomnia.
His medications include alprazolam and hydrochlorothiazide.
On physical exam, he is oriented to time and place and thinks his daughter is exaggerating; however, when asked to recall 3 items, the patient refuses to continue the mental status exam.
He has 5/5 strength bilaterally.
He walks in short strides by sliding his feet across the floor.
The patient has been vomiting for the past week, and his symptoms have not been improving.
His symptoms are worse in the morning and tend to improve throughout the day.
The patient also complains of occasional headaches and had diarrhea several days ago.
The patient eats a balanced diet and does not drink soda or juice.
The patient's brothers both had diarrhea recently that resolved spontaneously.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 80/45 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 16/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On physical exam, the patient appears to be in no acute distress.
Cardiopulmonary exam reveals a minor flow murmur.
Neurological exam reveals cranial nerves II-XII as grossly intact with mild narrowing of the patient's visual fields.
The patient's gait is stable, and he is able to jump up and down.
His wife says that he first reported headaches and fatigue 10 days ago, and since then “he has not been himself”.
He has refused to drink any liquids for the last day.
Two months ago, he helped his neighbor remove a raccoon's den from her backyard.
He appears agitated.
His temperature is 100.8°F (38.2°C).
Examination shows excessive drooling.
Muscle tone and deep tendon reflexes are increased bilaterally.
She says that she has also been very tired since her baby was born and this fatigue was accompanied by an inability to deal with cold weather despite having no problem with cold prior to becoming pregnant.
She has gained an additional 5 pounds since delivery.
Review of her hospital records reveals that she had a vaginal delivery that was complicated by severe hemorrhage and episodes of hypotension.
The pregnancy was uncomplicated.
The newborn had Apgar scores of 7 and 9 at the 1st and 5th minutes, respectively.
On physical examination, the newborn is noted to have a left-sided cleft lip.
The hard palate and nose are normal.
He is prescribed a therapy that is a derivative of vitamin A.
He has no other significant past medical history.
He has had hypertension for 20 years and is currently on multiple anti-hypertensive medications.
The blood pressure is 150/100 mm Hg.
The remainder of the examinations were within normal limits.
Echocardiography showed some changes in the left ventricle.
She also reports that she has lost 10 pounds despite no changes in her diet or exercise pattern.
More recently, she has developed occasional unprovoked chest pain and palpitations.
Physical examination reveals a nontender, mildly enlarged thyroid gland.
Her patellar reflexes are 3+ bilaterally.
Her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 135/85 mmHg, pulse is 105/min, and respirations are 18/min.
Laboratory analysis is notable for decreased TSH.
Over the past 6 months, she has had a 5.4-kg (12-lb) weight loss.
She takes no medications.
Her temperature is 37.8°C (100°F), pulse is 70/min, respirations are 13/min, and blood pressure is 125/80 mm Hg.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
The spleen is palpated 3 cm below the left costal margin.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 9.4 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 86 μm3
Leukocyte count 58,000/mm3
Segmented neutrophils 54%
Bands 8%
Lymphocytes 7%
Myelocytes 5%
Metamyelocytes 10%
Promyelocytes 4%
Blasts 5%
Monocytes 1%
Eosinophils 4%
Basophils 2%
Platelet count 850,000/mm3
Serum
Creatinine
0.9 mg/dL
LDH 501 U/L
Bone marrow biopsy shows hyperplastic myelopoiesis with granulocytosis.
During this time, he has had night sweats and lost 2 kg (4.4 lb) unintentionally.
He has no history of severe illness and takes no medications.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 115/75 mm Hg, pulse 75/min, and temperature 36.8℃ (98.2℉).
The abdomen has asymmetric distention.
Percussion and palpation of the left upper quadrant reveal splenomegaly.
No lymphadenopathy is detected.
Heart and lung examination shows no abnormalities.
The laboratory studies show the following:
Hemoglobin 9.5 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 95 μm3
Leukocyte count 8,000/mm3
Platelet count 240,000/mm3
Ultrasound shows a spleen size of 15 cm, mild hepatomegaly, and mild ascites.
The peripheral blood smear shows teardrop-shaped and nucleated red blood cells (RBCs) and immature myeloid cells.
Marrow is very difficult to aspirate but reveals hyperplasia of all 3 lineages.
The tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP) test is negative.
The cytogenetic analysis is negative for translocation between chromosomes 9 and 22.
He just returned from a boating trip with his father, and while aboard they shared some packed potato salad and ham sandwiches.
His dad denies any nausea or vomiting but does report minor dizziness.
On examination he appears pale.
The patient reports similar symptoms in the past when he was on a cruise trip to the Bahamas.
He has smoked 1 pack of cigarettes daily for 30 years and drinks two 12-oz bottles of beer daily.
An x-ray of the chest shows a cavity with air-fluid levels in the right lower lobe.
Sputum culture grows gram-negative rods.
She has no itching or scaling.
She has been treated in the past with a combination of oral cephalexin and topical benzoyl peroxide without clinical improvement.
She is sexually active with one male partner, and they use condoms inconsistently.
She does not smoke, drink alcohol, or use illicit drugs.
There is no personal or family history of serious illness.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows mild facial scarring and numerous open comedones and sebaceous skin lesions on her face, chest, and back.
She has had to rely on recognizing haircuts, gait, and voices because she cannot remember their faces.
Neurologic examination shows that she is able to recognize objects and name facial features such as the eyes and nose.
On mental status examination, she is alert and has no deficits in cognition or short-term memory.
An MRI of her head shows an inhomogenous 2-cm mass with perifocal edema in her brain.
He states he has excruciating, stabbing pain around the left side of his head, and his left eye will not stop tearing.
These types of headaches have been occurring for the past week every morning when he awakens and last around 60 minutes.
He denies any aura, nausea, or vomiting.
He denies any other past medical history.
Other than being concerned about her report, she feels well.
She has no history of any serious illnesses and takes no medications.
She does not smoke.
She consumes wine 1–2 times per week with dinner.
There is no significant family history of breast or ovarian cancer.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormal findings.
The biopsy shows lobular carcinoma in situ (LCIS) in the left breast.
Two years ago, she was diagnosed with cervical cancer and was successfully treated with a combination of radiation and chemotherapy.
She has systemic lupus erythematosus and finished a course of cyclophosphamide 3 weeks ago.
She is sexually active with multiple male and female partners and uses a diaphragm for contraception.
She has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 12 years.
Current medication includes hydroxychloroquine.
Her temperature is 36.6°C (97.9°F), pulse is 84/min, and blood pressure is 136/84 mm Hg.
The abdomen is soft and there is tenderness to palpation over the pelvic region.
He has a history of poorly-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He appears uncomfortable.
Physical examination of the ear shows marked periauricular erythema, exquisite tenderness on palpation, and granulation tissue in the external auditory canal.
She says she feels well otherwise.
Review of systems is significant for a 4 kg weight loss over the past month.
Physical examination is significant for multiple aphthous oral ulcers.
Colonoscopy reveals a cobblestone pattern of lesions of the mucosa of the intestinal wall involving the sigmoid colon.
The patient is informed of the diagnosis and medication to treat her condition is prescribed.
On a follow-up visit 6 weeks later, the patient presents with non-productive cough, chest pain, dyspnea on exertion, and worsening oral lesions.
A chest radiograph reveals a diffuse interstitial pattern.
The patient’s mother says she suddenly started to cough violently and made "funny breathing" sounds for a few minutes which then resolved.
Her pulse is 100/min and respirations are 28/min.
Physical examination reveals a girl in no obvious distress and breathing comfortably.
There are diminished breath sounds and mild expiratory wheezing over the lower right lung field.
A chest X-ray is performed which shows a round foreign body about 1 cm ×1 cm in the lower portion of the right inferior lobe.
The only abnormal finding is a blood pressure of 175 mmHg/100 mmHg.
It is determined that the optimal treatment for this patient is surgical.
His mother had a myocardial infarction at age 52.
He weighs 90 kg and his body mass index is 35 kg/m2.
His repeat FBG is 160 mg/dL and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) is 7.0%.
He is started on metformin but is lost to follow-up.
Two years later, his HbA1c is 7.6% despite maximal metformin usage, so the patient is started on glyburide.
Three months later, his HbA1c is 7.3% while on both medications, and subsequently prescribed glargine and aspart.
Three months later, he is brought by his wife to the emergency department for evaluation of altered mental status.
His electronic medical record notes that he was started on nitrofurantoin recently for an urinary tract infection.
He is disoriented to place and time.
His temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 90/60 mmHg, pulse is 130/min, respirations are 26/min.
His basic metabolic panel is shown below:

Serum:
Na+: 119 mEq/L
Cl-: 90 mEq/L
K+: 4.2 mEq/L
HCO3-: 24 mEq/L
BUN: 25 mg/dL
Glucose: 1,400 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.9 mg/dL

His urine dipstick is negative for ketones.
A peripheral intravenous line is established.
The patient also reports palpitations and nausea.
Yesterday, she was started on venlafaxine for treatment-resistant depression.
She took citalopram for four weeks, but stopped three days ago because her symptoms of depression did not improve.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Her temperature is 39°C (102.2°F), pulse is 120/min, and blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg.
On mental status examination, the patient is only oriented to person, but not to place or time.
Examination shows tremors in all extremities.
She has impaired gait.
Deep tendon reflexes are 3+ bilaterally.
Aside from occasional exertional chest pain on mowing the lawn or prolonged jogging, he feels well.
He goes jogging for 20 minutes once a week and takes a tablet of sublingual nitroglycerine prior to his run to prevent anginal chest pain.
The patient would like to run longer distances and asks the physician whether he could increase the dose of the drug prior to running.
He was cleaning his attic when he fell through onto the floor below and landed on his outstretched right hand.
He tried over-the-counter analgesics which did not help.
Past medical history is unremarkable.
The patient is afebrile and vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, there are no visible deformities in the shoulder or upper extremities bilaterally.
When he is asked to abduct his right shoulder above his head, he could not move his right shoulder initially.
He is able to do so only when he is assisted to complete a full abduction.
There is no sensory loss in any part of the upper limbs.
Peripheral pulses are 2+ bilaterally.
A MRI of the right shoulder is performed (shown in the image).
She has vomited 3 times.
There is no associated fever, chills, diarrhea, or urinary symptoms.
She has 2 children who both attend high school.
She appears uncomfortable.
She is 165 cm (5 ft 5 in) tall and weighs 86 kg (190 lb).
Her BMI is 32 kg/m2.
Her temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse is 100/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
She has mild scleral icterus.
On physical examination, her abdomen is soft and nondistended, with tenderness to palpation of the right upper quadrant without guarding or rebound.
Bowel sounds are normal.
His parents report that he tires quickly from walking.
The patient was born at 37 weeks' gestation and has met all developmental milestones.
There is no personal or family history of serious illness.
He is at the 50th percentile for height and 40th percentile for weight.
His temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), pulse is 119/min, respirations are 32/min, and blood pressure is 135/85 mm Hg.
A grade 2/6 systolic murmur is heard in the left paravertebral region.
Pedal pulses are absent.
He reports sudden onset of palpitations followed by loss of consciousness while carrying his groceries to his car.
He is unable to recall any further details and does not have any chest pain or dizziness.
He has a history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gastroparesis, and osteoarthritis of the knees.
Medications include lisinopril, metformin, and ondansetron as needed for nausea.
He also takes methadone daily for chronic pain.
Apart from an abrasion on his forehead, he appears well.
His temperature is 37.2 °C (98.9 F), heart rate is 104/min and regular, and blood pressure is 135/70 mm Hg.
While he is in the emergency department, he loses consciousness again.
Telemetry shows polymorphic ventricular tachycardia with cyclic alteration of the QRS axis that spontaneously resolves after 30 seconds.
Results of a complete blood count, serum electrolyte concentrations, and serum thyroid studies show no abnormalities.
Cardiac enzymes are within normal limits.
The patient started experiencing these symptoms shortly after arriving home from going out to eat at a seafood restaurant.
His symptoms progressed and now he reports having an odd metallic taste in his mouth, diffuse pruritus, and blurry vision.
His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 120/72 mmHg, pulse is 50/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam reveals bradycardia and an inability of the patient to differentiate hot versus cold; no rash can be appreciated on exam.
He has been using two pillows at night but frequently wakes up feeling as if he is choking.
Five months ago, he underwent surgery for creation of an arteriovenous fistula in his left upper arm.
He has hypertension and chronic kidney disease due to reflux nephropathy.
He receives hemodialysis three times a week.
His current medications are enalapril, vitamin D3, erythropoietin, sevelamer, and atorvastatin.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), respirations are 22/min, pulse is 103/min and bounding, and blood pressure is 106/58 mm Hg.
Examination of the lower extremities shows bilateral pitting pedal edema.
There is jugular venous distention.
A prominent thrill is heard over the brachiocephalic arteriovenous fistula.
There are crackles heard at both lung bases.
Cardiac examination shows an S3 gallop.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
She delivered a healthy infant two weeks ago and the postpartum course was complicated by severe vaginal bleeding, for which she required 4 units of packed red blood cells.
Since the blood transfusion, she has had decreased milk production and has felt fatigued.
Her pulse is 118/min and blood pressure is 104/63 mm Hg.
Her finger-stick glucose concentration is 34 mg/dL.
Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone and thyroxine levels are low and the serum sodium level is 132 mEq/L.
She says that he appeared to be fine in the morning; however, upon returning home, she found that he was slumped in his chair and was hard to arouse.
She was worried that he may have taken too many medications and rushed him to the emergency department.
His past medical history is significant for bipolar disorder and absence seizures.
He does not smoke and drinks 4 alcoholic beverages per night on average.
On physical exam, he is found to have a flapping tremor of his hands, pitting ankle edema, and gynecomastia.
He does not appear to have any focal neurologic deficits.
He tells the doctor that he started using heroin at the age of 17 and gradually started increasing the dose.
He has been trying to quit for the last 6 months after realizing the negative consequences of his addiction but has not succeeded because of the withdrawal symptoms.
The physician suggests a drug that can be taken within a supervised rehabilitation program as a substitute for heroin to help alleviate withdrawal symptoms.
The drug will then be tapered over time.
He is further informed by the physician that this drug is not to be taken by the patient on his own and will not work in an emergency situation related to heroin withdrawal.
His physical examination and imaging findings suggest that the cause of his urinary retention is non-obstructive and is most probably due to urinary bladder atony.
He is prescribed a new selective muscarinic (M3) receptor agonist, which improves his symptoms.
He has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
He lives with his parents; they recently adopted a cat from an animal shelter.
He is sexually active with one female partner, and they use condoms consistently.
His temperature is 38.7°C (101.7°F), pulse is 99/min, and blood pressure is 110/72 mm Hg.
Examination shows bilateral posterior cervical lymphadenopathy.
The pharynx is red and swollen.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 15 g/dL
Leukocyte count 11,500/mm3
Segmented neutrophils 48%
Band forms 2%
Basophils 0.5%
Eosinophils 1%
Lymphocytes 45%
Monocytes 3.5%
When the patient's serum is added to a sample of horse erythrocytes, the cells aggregate together.
His mother reports that he has been lethargic for the last several days with an increase in urine output.
She thinks he may even be losing weight, despite eating and drinking more than normal for the last couple weeks.
Laboratory results are notable for glucose of 440, potassium of 5.8, pH of 7.14 and HCO3 of 17.
She developed a fever and acute left lower quadrant abdominal pain earlier in the day.
She has had 2 bowel movements with bright red blood.
Her past medical history is notable for hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus.
She takes lovastatin, hydrochlorothiazide, metformin, glyburide, and aspirin.
Her temperature is 102.9°F (39.4°C), blood pressure is 101/61 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 22/min.
On exam, she is fully alert and oriented.
She is tender in the left lower quadrant.
A computerized tomography (CT) scan is performed demonstrating acute diverticulitis.
She is admitted and started on broad-spectrum antibiotics.
48 hours later, her urine output is significantly decreased.
Her abdominal pain has improved but she has started vomiting and appears confused.
She has new bilateral lower extremity edema and decreased breath sounds at the lung bases.
He has also had a productive cough for the past year and has had a 10-kg (22-lb) weight loss over the past 6 months.
He has a history of multiple sclerosis and has not had an acute exacerbation in over 10 years.
For the past 30 years, he has smoked 2 packs of cigarettes daily.
He drinks 2 beers every day after work.
His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse is 90/min, blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg, and respirations are 22/min.
On examination, the patient appears lethargic and cannot state his name or his location.
Physical examination reveals scattered wheezing bilaterally.
Deep tendon reflexes cannot be elicited.
Laboratory studies show:
Serum
Na+ 115 mEq/L
K+ 4.5 mEq/L
HCO3- 22 mEq/L
Glucose 70 mg/dL
Blood urea nitrogen 8 mg/dL
Urine osmolality 450 mOsmol/kg H2O
Urine sodium 70 mEq/L
An x-ray of the chest reveals a central lung mass.
He has not noticed any blood in his stool.
He states that his diet has not changed recently, and his family has been spared from diarrhea symptoms despite eating the same foods that he has been cooking at home.
He has no history of recent travel outside the United States.
His only medication is high-dose omeprazole, which he has been taking daily for the past few months to alleviate his gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD).
She reports worsening fatigue, myalgias, headache, and malaise that started 1 day ago.
She works as a lunch lady at an elementary school.
Her past medical history is notable for a distal radius fracture after a fall 2 years ago, but she is otherwise healthy and takes no medications.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
She is married and has 3 adult children who are healthy.
Her temperature is 102.9°F (39.4°C), blood pressure is 101/61 mmHg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 21/min.
On exam, she appears lethargic and uncomfortable but is able to answer questions appropriately.
Breath sounds are normal bilaterally.
She is started on intravenous fluids and a pharmacologic agent for treatment.
The patient speaks in short utterances and does not make eye contact with the provider or her son throughout the interview and examination.
You elicit that the patient lives with her son and daughter-in-law, and she reports vague weakness for the last couple days.
The emergency room provider notices 3-4 healing bruises on the patient's upper extremities; otherwise, examination is not revealing.
Routine chemistries and blood counts are unremarkable; non-contrast head CT demonstrates normal age-related changes.
She says that her symptoms began 4 days ago and have progressively worsened.
Her past medical history is significant for a 6-month history of recurrent urinary tract infections (UTIs).
Her vital signs include: temperature 39.0°C (102.2°F), blood pressure 100/70 mm Hg, pulse 92/min, and respiratory rate 25/min.
On physical examination, there is moderate left costovertebral angle tenderness.
He has a history of chronic hepatitis C infection.
Physical examination shows 3+ pitting edema of the lower legs and ankles.
He has a history of gout, obesity, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia.
He currently takes allopurinol, metformin, glyburide, and rosuvastatin.
His temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 130/85 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 18/min.
Physical examination reveals an enlarged, non-tender prostate without nodules or masses.
An ultrasound reveals a uniformly enlarged prostate that is 40mL in size.
His physician starts him on a new medication.
After taking the first dose, the patient experiences lightheadedness upon standing and has a syncopal event.
The patient has also noticed some trouble with swallowing.
On physical exam, signs of hyperreflexia, spasticity, fasciculations, and muscle atrophy are present in an asymmetric fashion.
Tongue fasciculations are also present.
No sensory loss is noted.
The patient does not report any abnormality with his bowel or bladder function.
She was diagnosed with immune thrombocytopenic purpura at the age of 37 years and has been treated with glucocorticoids and intravenous immune globulin.
She has visited the emergency department 3 times in the past 4 months for nose bleeds, which required cauterization.
Her platelet counts on her previous visits were 18,320/mm3, 17,500/mm3, and 19,100/mm3.
Current medications include dexamethasone and a multivitamin.
She has no children.
Her immunizations are up-to-date.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows petechiae on the bilateral lower extremities.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is soft and nontender; there is no organomegaly.
Her hemoglobin concentration is 13.3 g/dL, leukocyte count is 8,100/mm3, and platelet count is 13,000/mm3.
Her blood type is A negative.
Serology for hepatitis C and HIV is negative.
He has not been able to walk without assistance for the past month and has started to use a wheelchair.
He also reports having urinary incontinence for 1 year.
His wife says that he has begun to slur his words and has become very difficult to understand.
His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse is 70/min, and respirations are 16/min.
His blood pressure is 130/80mm Hg while sitting and 110/65mm Hg when standing.
He is oriented to person and place but not to time.
Neurological examination shows a mild tremor in his right hand and rigidity in his upper and lower extremities.
He is unable to perform repetitive rotary forearm movements.
Her pregnancy has been uncomplicated.
The contractions occur once every 20–30 minutes, last less than 30 seconds, and have been consistent in intensity and duration since onset.
During that time there has been an increase in fetal movements.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 98/min, and blood pressure is 104/76 mm Hg.
Pelvic examination shows clear cervical mucus and a firm uterus consistent in size with a 36-week gestation.
The cervix is 0% effaced and undilated; the vertex is at -3 station.
The fetal heart rate is reassuring.
After an hour of monitoring in the emergency department, the character of the contractions and pelvic examination findings remain unchanged.
She is conscious, alert, and in pain as she sustained a deep laceration above her right orbit.
When asked about prior fainting episodes, she says that she has had them since childhood, but she felt it was "nothing serious".
She also says she has frequent palpitations, shortness of breath, nausea, and, at times, chest pain and attributes this to "working too hard."
Her pulse is 110/min, respirations are 20/min, temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F), and blood pressure is 110/78 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows tachycardia and mild hypotension.
The patient's electrocardiogram is obtained.
She denies urine leakage at night.
She has been menopausal since 51 years of age.
She is otherwise healthy and is not on any medications, including hormone replacement therapy.
The weight is 78 kg (172 lb) and the height is 156 cm (5.1 ft).
The vital signs are within normal limits.
The physical examination shows no costovertebral angle tenderness.
The neurologic examination is unremarkable.
The gynecologic examination revealed pale and thin vulvar and vaginal mucosa.
The external urethral opening appears normal; there is urine leakage when the patient is asked to cough.
The Q-tip test is positive.
The bimanual exam reveals painless bulging of the anterior vaginal wall.
The patient states that she is a detective on the trail of a master collusion scheme and needs the artifacts from the museum to prove her case.
Her family reports that she has been acting strangely for the past week.
She has been up perusing the internet all night without taking breaks.
Her husband states that she has had increased sexual interest for the past week; however, he did not report this to the physician when he first noticed it.
The patient is unable to offer a history as she cannot be redirected from her current theory.
Her temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 122/81 mmHg, pulse is 97/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable only for a highly-energized patient.
Laboratory studies are ordered as seen below.
He was born at term to a healthy 35-year-old woman following a normal vaginal delivery.
The pregnancy was uncomplicated, but the patient's mother had missed several of her prenatal checkups.
The patient's older brother underwent surgery for pyloric stenosis as an infant.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows epicanthus, upward slanting of the eyelids, low-set ears, and a single transverse palmar crease.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
A grade 2/6 holosystolic murmur is heard at the left mid to lower sternal border.
Abdominal examination shows a distended upper abdomen and a concave-shaped lower abdomen.
There is no organomegaly.
An x-ray of the abdomen is shown.
The IQ scores of young American adults have historically been reported to be distributed normally with a mean of 100 and a standard deviation of 15.
Initially, the researcher obtains a random sampling of 300 high school students from public schools nationwide and conducts IQ tests on all participants.
Recently, the researcher received additional funding to enable an increase in sample size to 2,000 participants.
He reports that he developed these symptoms approximately one week ago.
He also has noticed left knee and right heel pain that started a few days ago.
He denies any recent trauma.
He had an episode of abdominal pain and diarrhea ten days ago that resolved.
He has otherwise felt well.
On exam, he walks with a limp and his conjunctivae are erythematous.
Laboratory findings are notable for an elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) and elevated C-reactive protein (CRP).
His medical history is relevant for delayed gross motor milestones.
The mother is concerned about a growth delay because both of his brothers were twice his size at this age.
Physical examination reveals a well-groomed and healthy boy with a prominent forehead and short stature, in addition to shortened upper and lower extremities with a normal vertebral column.
The patient’s vitals reveal: temperature 36.5°C (97.6°F); pulse 60/min; and respiratory rate 17/min and a normal intelligence quotient (IQ).
The brachial artery diameter is measured via ultrasound before and after intra-arterial injection of acetylcholine.
An increase of 7% in the vascular diameter is noted.
Her physician fears that the fetus may be infected in utero.
He has no history of joint disease.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows erythema and swelling of the right knee, with limited range of motion due to pain.
Arthrocentesis of the right knee joint yields 7 mL of cloudy fluid with a leukocyte count of 29,000/mm3 (97% segmented neutrophils).
Compensated polarized light microscopy of the aspirate is shown.
In those treated with the new drug, a good outcome was achieved in 30%, while those treated with the current standard of care had a good outcome in just 10% of cases.
The clinicians involved in this cohort study concluded that the newer drug is more effective and prompted for urgent changes in the guidelines addressing hemorrhagic stroke incidents.
He has no history of similar symptoms.
He has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Current medications include amlodipine and metformin.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 20 years.
He appears weak and pale.
His pulse is 56/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination shows normal heart sounds.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
The skin is cold to the touch.
An ECG is shown.
Bedside transthoracic echocardiography shows normal left ventricular function.
High-dose aspirin is administered.
In the presence of D1 stimulation, the cell would produce an mRNA that codes for a fluorescent protein; however, if the A1 or B1 receptors are also stimulated at the same time, the cells would degrade the mRNA of the fluorescent protein thereby preventing it from being produced.
She reports that the pain is relieved with food intake.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Endoscopy shows a 0.5 x 0.5 cm ulcer on the posterior wall of the duodenal bulb.
A biopsy specimen obtained from the edge of the ulcer shows hyperplasia of submucosal glandular structures.
He is on regular immunosuppressive therapy and is well-adherent to the treatment.
He has no comorbidities and is not taking any other medication.
He provides a history of similar episodes of yellowish skin discoloration 6–7 times since he underwent liver transplantation.
Physical examination shows clinical jaundice.
Laboratory studies show:
While blood cell (WBC) count 4,400/mm3
Hemoglobin 11.1 g/dL
Serum creatinine 0.9 mg/dL
Serum bilirubin (total) 44 mg/dL
Aspartate transaminase (AST) 1,111 U/L
Alanine transaminase (ALT) 671 U/L
Serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase 777 U/L
Alkaline phosphatase 888 U/L
Prothrombin time 17 seconds
A Doppler ultrasound shows significantly reduced blood flow into the transplanted liver.
She has no history of serious illness.
The mother says she went to elementary and middle school abroad and is not sure if she received all of her childhood vaccinations.
She appears healthy.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6 °F), pulse 90/min, and blood pressure is 102/68 mm Hg.
Examination shows a clean 2-cm laceration on her right forearm with surrounding edema.
There is no erythema or discharge.
The wound is irrigated with water and washed with soap.
Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F).
Examination shows edematous oropharyngeal mucosa and enlarged tonsils with purulent exudate.
There is tender cervical lymphadenopathy.
He says these symptoms developed suddenly last night and have not improved.
He has had type 2 diabetes mellitus for 32 years and essential hypertension for 19 years for which he takes metformin and lisinopril.
His last recorded A1c was 9.4%.
He has smoked 10 to 15 cigarettes a day for the past 35 years.
Family history is significant for chronic kidney disease in his mother.
Vital signs reveal a temperature of 36.9 °C (98.42°F), blood pressure of 137/82 mm Hg, and pulse of 72/min.
On examination, there is ptosis of the right eye and it is deviated down and out.
Visual acuity is not affected in either eye.
His father tells the attending physician that his son has been experiencing severe stomach aches over the past week.
They are intermittent in nature, but whenever they occur he cries and draws up his knees to his chest.
This usually provides some relief.
The parents have also observed mucousy stools and occasional bloody stools that are bright red with blood clots.
They tell the physician that their child has never experienced this type of abdominal pain up to the present.
The boy was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
He is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
On physical exam, his vitals are generally normal with a slight fever and mild tachycardia.
The boy appears uncomfortable.
An abdominal exam reveals a sausage-shaped mass in the right upper abdomen.
Physical exam reveals a widened pulse pressure and a decrescendo murmur occurring after the S2 heart sound.
After further questioning, he also reports he experienced a maculopapular rash over his trunk, palms and soles many years ago that resolved on its own.
For the past year, she has had intermittent episodes of headache, nausea, abdominal pain, and tingling of her fingers.
She also complains of dark urine during the episodes.
Her mother and maternal uncle have similar symptoms and her father is healthy.
Her husband is healthy and there is no history of serious illness in his family.
Serum studies show elevated concentrations of porphobilinogen and δ-aminolevulinic acid.
He has hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
His current medications include aspirin, clopidogrel, atorvastatin, sublingual nitroglycerin, metoprolol, and insulin.
He appears diaphoretic.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 120/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 100/55 mm Hg.
Crackles are heard at both lung bases.
Cardiac examination shows a new grade 3/6 holosystolic murmur heard best at the cardiac apex.
An ECG shows sinus rhythm with T wave inversion in leads II, III, and aVF.
The effect of a drug that impairs viral fusion and entry is being evaluated.
This drug acts on a protein that is cleaved off of a larger glycosylated protein in the endoplasmic reticulum of the host cell.
One week ago, he was treated in the emergency department for chest pain, palpitations, and dyspnea.
As part of his regimen, he was started on a medication that irreversibly inhibits the synthesis of thromboxane A2 and prostaglandins.
Upon regaining consciousness, he reports that he cannot see from either eye and cannot move his arms.
Physical examination shows bilaterally equal, reactive pupils.
A fundoscopy shows no abnormalities.
An MRI of the brain shows wedge-shaped cortical infarcts in both occipital lobes.
He reports acute onset of left lower quadrant abdominal pain and nausea three hours prior to presentation.
The pain is severe, constant, and non-radiating.
He has had two maroon-colored bowel movements since the pain started.
His past medical history is notable for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, atrial fibrillation, insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and rheumatoid arthritis.
He takes lisinopril, hydrochlorothiazide, atorvastatin, dabigatran, methotrexate.
He has a 60 pack-year smoking history and drinks 1-2 beers per day.
He admits to missing some of his medications recently because he was on vacation in Hawaii.
His last colonoscopy was 4 years ago which showed diverticular disease in the descending colon and multiple sessile polyps in the sigmoid colon which were removed.
His temperature is 100.1°F (37.8°C), blood pressure is 145/85 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 20/min.
On exam, he has notable abdominal distention and is exquisitely tender to palpation in all four abdominal quadrants.
Bowel sounds are absent.
Five days ago, he developed low-grade fever, nausea, and diarrhea.
Physical examination shows a lace-like erythematous rash on the trunk and face with circumoral pallor.
The patient is worried because her mother passed away from melanoma.
You believe that the lesion warrants biopsy for further evaluation for possible melanoma.
Your patient is concerned about her risk for malignant disease.
She has diabetes mellitus, type 1 and takes insulin regularly.
She reports no incidents of elevated or low blood sugar and that she is feeling energetic and ready to face the morning every day.
Her vital signs and physical are normal.
On the way home from her checkup she stops by the pharmacy and picks up her prescription of insulin.
Later that night she takes a dose.
Since menarche a year ago, menses have occurred at irregular intervals and lasted 8–9 days.
Her last menstrual period was 5 weeks ago with passage of clots.
She has no family or personal history of serious illness and takes no medications.
She is at the 50th percentile for height and 20th percentile for weight.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
The circumcision was uncomplicated; however, after a few hours, the diaper contained blood, and the bleeding has not subsided.
A complete blood count was ordered, which was significant for a platelet count of 70,000/mm3.
On peripheral blood smear, the following was noted (figure A).
The prothrombin time was 12 seconds, partial thromboplastin time was 32 seconds, and bleeding time was 13 minutes.
On platelet aggregation studies, there was no response with ristocetin.
This result was not corrected with the addition of normal plasma.
There was a normal aggregation response with the addition of ADP.
He was eating dinner with his family during the holidays and felt very short of breath, thus prompting him to come in.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes, hypertension, 2 myocardial infarctions, and obesity.
Physical exam is notable for bilateral pulmonary crackles and a jugular venous distension.
Chest radiography reveals an enlarged cardiac silhouette and blunting of the costophrenic angles.
The patient is started on a medication for his acute symptoms.
Two hours later, he states his symptoms have vastly improved and repeat chest radiography is notable for an enlarged cardiac silhouette.
She states that she intentionally delayed seeing a physician for this issue.
She says her primary issue with swallowing is that her mouth always feels dry so she has difficulty chewing food to the point that it can be swallowed.
On physical examination, her oral mucosa appears dry.
Both of her eyes also appear dry.
Several enlarged lymph nodes are palpated.
She has noticed that the headaches are usually generalized, and frequently occur during sleep.
She does not have a history of migraines or other types of headaches.
Her past medical history is significant for breast cancer, which was diagnosed a year ago and treated with mastectomy.
She recovered fully and returned to work shortly thereafter.
CT scan of the brain now shows a solitary cortical 5cm mass surrounded by edema in the left hemisphere of the brain at the grey-white matter junction.
She is admitted to the hospital for further management.
She has noticed increasing difficulty performing household chores and walking her dog over the past month.
Sometimes she feels too fatigued to cook dinner.
She has noticed that she feels better after sleeping.
She does not have chest pain, shortness of breath, or a history of recent illness.
She has no personal history of serious illness and takes no medications.
She has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 25 years.
She appears fatigued.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.8°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 148/80 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry shows an oxygen saturation of 98% in room air.
Bilateral expiratory wheezes are heard at both lung bases.
Examination shows drooping of the upper eyelids.
There is diminished motor strength in her upper extremities.
Her sensation and reflexes are intact.
Both the normal and genetically modified mice are observed after aerobic exercise and their heart rates are recorded and compared.
After a 10-minute session on a treadmill, the average pulse measured in the normal mice is 680/min, whereas in the genetically modified mice it is only 160/min.
He says that he feels the urge to defecate 3-4 times per day and that his stools have changed in character since the diarrhea began.
Specifically, they now float, stick to the side of the toilet bowl, and smell extremely foul.
His past medical history is significant for several episodes of acute pancreatitis secondary to excessive alcohol consumption.
His symptoms are found to be due to a deficiency in an enzyme that is resistant to bile salts.
For the past year, she has had pain in her knees and hands bilaterally, but never this severe.
During this period, she has also had difficulties moving around for about an hour in the mornings and has been sweating more than usual, especially at night.
She has been sexually active with a new partner for the past 4 weeks, and they use condoms inconsistently.
She occasionally drinks alcohol.
The day before she drank 6 beers because she was celebrating a friend's birthday.
Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, and pulse is 92/min.
The left knee is erythematous, swollen, and tender; movement is restricted due to pain.
There is swelling of the metacarpophalangeal joints and proximal interphalangeal joints bilaterally.
Arthrocentesis of the knee with synovial fluid analysis shows a greenish, turbid fluid, a cell count of 68,000 WBC/μL and Gram-negative diplococci.
She reports increased urinary frequency but otherwise feels well.
Pregnancy and delivery of her first child were uncomplicated.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Pelvic examination shows a uterus consistent in size with a 16-week gestation.
Urinalysis shows mild glucosuria.
Laboratory studies show a non-fasting serum glucose concentration of 110 mg/dL.
During the first month of his life, he had developed upper airway infections, bronchitis, and diarrhea.
He has received all the immunizations according to his age.
He failed to thrive since the age of 3 months.
A month ago, he had a severe lung infection with cough, dyspnea, and diarrhea, and was unresponsive to an empiric oral macrolide.
Upon admission to his local hospital, the patient has mild respiratory distress and crackles on auscultation.
The temperature is 39.5°C (103.1°F), and the oxygen saturation is 95% on room air.
The quantitative immunoglobulin tests show increased IgG, IgM, and IgA.
The peripheral blood smear shows leukocytosis and normochromic normocytic anemia.
The chloride sweat test and tuberculin test are negative.
The chest X-ray reveals bilateral pneumonia.
The bronchoalveolar lavage and gram stain report gram-negative bacteria with a growth of Burkholderia cepacia on culture.
He says that the lesion began with pain and severe tenderness in the area.
The next day, the size of the lesion increased and it became erythematous.
He also mentions that a similar lesion had appeared over his left lower limb 3 weeks earlier, but it disappeared after a few days of taking over the counter analgesics.
There is no history of trauma, and the man does not have any known medical conditions.
On physical examination, the physician notes a cordlike tender area with erythema and edema.
There are no signs suggestive of deep vein thrombosis or varicose veins.
He has smoked half a pack of cigarettes a day since he was 20.
His current medical history involves hypertension.
He takes enalapril daily.
The vital signs include a blood pressure of 131/82 mm Hg, a heart rate of 95/min, and a temperature of 36.9°C (98.4°F).
On physical examination, splenomegaly is found.
A complete blood count reveals thrombocytosis of 700,000 cells/m3.
Lab work further shows decreased serum iron, iron saturation, and serum ferritin and increased total iron binding capacity.
A blood smear reveals an increased number of abnormal platelets, and a bone marrow aspirate confirmed the presence of dysplastic megakaryocytes.
A mutation on his chromosome 9 confirms the physician’s suspicion of a certain clonal myeloproliferative disease.
The patient is started on hydroxyurea.
He does not have any current complaint.
He is healthy and takes no medications.
He has smoked 10–15 cigarettes per day for the past 10 years.
His family history is negative for gastrointestinal disorders.
One week ago, he was prescribed azithromycin for acute bacterial sinusitis.
He has a history of atrial fibrillation treated with warfarin and metoprolol.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Compared to one month ago, laboratory studies show a mild increase in INR.
He also tires easily and sweats while feeding.
He weighed 2150 g (4 lb 11 oz) at birth and has gained 200 g (7 oz).
The baby appears mildly cyanotic.
Examination shows a 3/6 systolic ejection murmur heard over the left upper sternal border.
A single S2 is present.
An echocardiography confirms the diagnosis.
He suffered the injury during a college basketball game 1 week ago and has been using a knee immobilizer since the accident.
His past medical history is significant for an emergency appendectomy when he was 12 years of age.
At that time, he said that he never wanted to have surgery again.
At this visit, the physician explains the procedure to him in detail including potential risks and complications.
The patient acknowledges and communicates his understanding of both the diagnosis as well as the surgery and decides to proceed with the surgery in 3 weeks.
Afterward, he signs a form giving consent for the operation.
He also reports feeling itchy after showering.
On review of systems, the patient says he has been having new onset headaches recently.
On physical exam, his vital signs, including O2 saturation, are normal.
He has an abnormal abdominal mass palpable in the left upper quadrant.
A complete blood count reveals: WBCs 6500/microliter; Hgb 18.2 g/dL; Platelets 385,000/microliter.
He has no history of renal dialysis but has a history of recurrent urinary tract infections.
You order an intravenous pyelogram, which reveals multiple cysts of the collecting ducts in the medulla.
She also reports multiple episodes of vomiting and difficulty walking.
The vertigo is continuous, not related to the position, and not associated with tinnitus or hearing disturbances.
She has a past history of acute vision loss in her right eye that resolved spontaneously several years ago.
She also experienced left-sided body numbness 3 years ago that also resolved rapidly.
She only recently purchased health insurance and could not fully evaluate the cause of her previous symptoms at the time they presented.
The patient is afebrile and her vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, she is alert and oriented.
An ophthalmic exam reveals horizontal strabismus.
There is no facial asymmetry and her tongue is central on the protrusion.
Gag and cough reflexes are intact.
Muscle strength is 5/5 bilaterally.
She has difficulty maintaining her balance while walking and is unable to perform repetitive alternating movements with her hands.
He was found locked out of his room, where the patient admitted to attending a fraternity party before becoming paranoid that the resident assistant would report him to the police.
The patient appears anxious.
His pulse is 105/min, and blood pressure is 142/85 mm Hg.
Examination shows dry mucous membranes and bilateral conjunctival injection.
She confirmed the pregnancy with a home urine pregnancy kit a few months ago but has not yet followed up with a physician.
She takes no medications.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Pelvic examination shows a uterus consistent in size with a 36-week gestation.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.6 g/dL
Serum
Glucose 88 mg/dL
Hepatitis B surface antigen negative
Hepatitis C antibody negative
HIV antibody positive
HIV load 11,000 copies/mL (N < 1000 copies/mL)
Ultrasonography shows an intrauterine fetus consistent in size with a 36-week gestation.
She also reports difficulty closing her eyes and chewing.
During the neurologic examination, the physician asks the patient to open her jaw against resistance.
The physician performs a urea breath test which is positive and the patient is started on appropriate medical therapy.
Three days later at a restaurant, she experienced severe flushing, tachycardia, hypotension, and vomiting after her first glass of wine.
The pain is dull in character and unrelated to meals.
She has a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and rheumatic arthritis for which she is taking ibuprofen, methotrexate, and metformin.
She has 2-3 drinks on the weekends and does not use tobacco products.
On physical examination, there is mild tenderness to palpation in the right upper quadrant.
The liver span is 15 cm at the midclavicular line.
Past medical history is significant for severe mitral regurgitation status post mitral valve replacement five years ago.
His temperature is 38.3°C (101.0°F) and respiratory rate is 18/min.
Physical examination reveals vertical hemorrhages under his nails, multiple painless erythematous lesions on his palms, and two tender, raised nodules on his fingers.
Cardiac auscultation reveals a new-onset 2/6 holosystolic murmur loudest at the apex with the patient in the left lateral decubitus position.
A transesophageal echocardiogram reveals vegetations on the prosthetic valve.
Blood cultures reveal catalase-positive, gram-positive cocci.
She is unable to speak more than a few words at a time.
Her pulse is 116/min and respirations are 28/min.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 92%.
Examination of the lungs shows decreased breath sounds and scattered end-expiratory wheezing over all lung fields.
Treatment with high-dose continuous inhaled albuterol is begun.
His symptoms have not improved despite treatment with over-the-counter creams.
During this period, he has also had a 6-kg (13.5-lb) weight loss.
Examination shows a scaly rash over his chest, back, and thighs.
A photograph of the rash on his thighs is shown.
A biopsy of the skin lesions shows clusters of neoplastic cells with cerebriform nuclei within the epidermis.
His headaches began approximately 3 weeks ago and occur in the morning.
Throughout the 3 weeks, his nausea has progressively worsened, and he had 2 episodes of emesis 1 day ago.
On physical exam, cranial nerves are grossly intact, and his visual field is intact.
The patient has a broad-based gait and difficulty with heel-to-toe walking, as well as head titubation.
Fundoscopy demonstrates papilledema.
A T1 and T2 MRI of the brain is demonstrated in Figures A and B, respectively.
A glucose meter is used to follow the breakdown of sucrose into glucose.
When no enzyme is added to the sucrose solution, the glucose meter will have a reading of 0 mg/dL; but when the enzyme is added, the glucose meter will start to show readings indicative of glucose being formed.
He has no history of a serious illness.
He is unable to answer any questions or follow any commands.
His blood pressure is 145/90 mm Hg, the pulse is 120/min, the respiratory rate is 36/min, and the temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F).
His oxygen saturation is 90% on 80% FiO2.
On examination, purpura is noted on the anterior chest, head, and neck.
Inspiratory crackles are heard in both lung fields.
Arterial blood gas analysis on 80% FiO2 shows:
pH 7.54
PCO2 17 mm Hg
PO2 60 mm Hg
HCO3− 22 mEq/L
A chest X-ray is shown.
She has also been feeling tired and nauseous for the past 5 weeks.
She has a history of depression and suicidal ideation.
She is a social worker for an international charity foundation.
She used intravenous illicit drugs in the past but quit 4 months ago.
Her only medication is sertraline.
Her temperature is 37.8°C (100.0°F), pulse is 100/min, and blood pressure is 128/76 mm Hg.
She is alert and oriented.
Scleral icterus is present.
Abdominal examination shows tenderness to palpation in the right upper quadrant.
The liver edge is palpated 3 cm below the right costal margin.
There is no rebound tenderness or guarding.
The abdomen is non-distended and the fluid wave test is negative.
She is able to extend her arms with wrists in full extension and hold them steady without flapping.
One month ago, he was started on hydralazine for adjunctive treatment of hypertension.
His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F).
Examination shows swelling, tenderness, warmth, and erythema of both wrists and ankles; range of motion is limited.
For the past few days, he has also had difficulty lying flat due to trouble breathing.
Over the past year, he has had intermittent fever, night sweats, and cough but he has not been seen by a physician for evaluation of these symptoms.
His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F).
An x-ray of the chest is shown.
He relays to coworkers that the pain is intense and has spread to his upper left arm over the past 10 minutes.
He reports it feels a lot like the “heart attack” he had a year ago.
He suddenly collapses and is unresponsive.
Coworkers perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation for 18 minutes until emergency medical services arrives.
Paramedics pronounce him dead at the scene.
She reports recurrent episodes of pain in her right wrist and left knee.
During this period, she has had a 4-kg (8.8-lb) weight loss.
Her mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
Her temperature is 38°C (100.4°F).
Examination shows diffuse lymphadenopathy.
Oral examination shows several painless oral ulcers.
The right wrist and the left knee are swollen and tender.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 9.8 g/dL, a leukocyte count of 2,000/mm3, and a platelet count of 75,000/mm3.
Urinalysis shows excessive protein.
The day prior, he was at a friend’s wedding, where he consumed seven glasses of wine.
The patient appears diaphoretic.
His pulse is 220/min and blood pressure is 120/84 mm Hg.
Based on the patient's findings on electrocardiography, the physician diagnoses atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response and administers verapamil for rate control.
Ten minutes later, the patient is unresponsive and loses consciousness.
Despite resuscitative efforts, the patient dies.
Histopathologic examination of the heart at autopsy shows an accessory atrioventricular conduction pathway.
She does not smoke or use illicit drugs.
Her temperature is 37.8°C (100.0°F).
Chest examination shows mild inspiratory crackles in both lung fields.
An X-ray of the chest shows diffuse interstitial infiltrates bilaterally.
A Gram stain of saline-induced sputum shows no organisms.
Inoculation of the induced sputum on a cell-free medium that is enriched with yeast extract, horse serum, cholesterol, and penicillin G grows colonies that resemble fried eggs.
The patient has been experiencing poor appetite for the past 3 months and has unintentionally lost 9 kg (19.8 lb).
He was a smoker for 35 years and smoked 1 pack daily, but he quit 5 years ago.
He takes lisinopril and bisoprolol for hypertension and has no allergies.
On examination, the patient appears cachectic.
He responds to stimulation but is lethargic and unable to provide any significant history.
His blood pressure is 138/90 mm Hg, heart rate is 100/min, and his oxygen saturation on room air is 90%.
His mucous membranes are moist, heart rate is regular without murmurs or an S3/S4 gallop, and his extremities are without any edema.
His pulmonary examination shows mildly diminished breath sounds in the right lower lobe with bilateral wheezing.
His laboratory values are shown:
Sodium 110 mEq/L
Potassium 4.1 mEq/L
Chloride 102 mEq/L
CO2 41 mm Hg
BUN 18
Creatinine 1.3 mg/dL
Glucose 93 mg/dL
Urine osmolality 600 mOsm/kg H2O
Plasma osmolality 229 mEq/L
WBC 8,200 cells/mL
Hgb 15.5 g/dL
Arterial blood gas pH 7.36/pCO2 60/pO2 285
Chest X-ray demonstrates a mass in the right upper lobe.
The patient states he first noticed something unusual with his right testicle two weeks ago, but states he did not think it was urgent because it was not painful and believed it would resolve on its own.
It has not changed since he first noticed the mass, and the patient still denies pain.
On exam, the patient’s right testicle is non-tender, and a firm mass is felt.
There is a negative transillumination test, and the mass is non-reducible.
She denies any episodes of vomiting or hematemesis.
The vital signs include: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 95/45 mm Hg, pulse 140/min, respiratory rate 15/min, and oxygen saturation 99% on room air.
On physical examination, the patient is alert and responsive.
The oropharynx is clear.
The cardiac exam is significant for a grade 2/6 holosystolic murmur loudest at the left lower sternal border.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
The abdomen is soft and nontender with no hepatosplenomegaly.
Bowel sounds are present.
He was trapped inside the building for around 20 minutes.
On arrival, he is confused and appears uncomfortable.
He has a Glasgow Coma Score of 13.
His pulse is 113/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 108/70 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 96%.
Examination shows multiple second-degree burns over the chest and bilateral upper extremities and third-degree burns over the face.
There are black sediments seen within the nose and mouth.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
Cardiac examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
Intravenous fluid resuscitation is begun.
She says that she is currently feeling well and has not noticed any acute changes in her health.
She exercises 3 times a week and has tried to increase the amount of fruits and vegetables in her diet.
She has smoked approximately 1 pack of cigarettes every 2 days for the last 20 years.
Her last pap smear was performed 2 years ago, which was unremarkable.
Her past medical history includes hypertension and type II diabetes.
Her mother was diagnosed with breast cancer at 62 years of age.
The patient is 5 ft 5 in (165.1 cm), weighs 185 lbs (84 kg), and has a BMI of 30.8 kg/m^2.
Her blood pressure is 155/98 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 18/min.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Lipid studies demonstrate an LDL cholesterol of 130 mg/dL and an HDL cholesterol of 42 mg/dL.
She says she is trying to lose weight by restricting her food intake.
She has taken multiple courses of antibiotics for recurrent sinusitis over the past month.
No other past medical history or current medications.
She is not sexually active.
Her vital signs are as follows: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 90/60 mm Hg, heart rate 100/min, respiratory rate 16/min.
Her BMI is 16 kg/m2.
Her physical examination is significant for ecchymosis on the extremities, dry mucous membranes, and bleeding gums.
A gynecological exam is non-contributory.
Laboratory tests show a prolonged PT, normal PTT, and normal bleeding time.
CBC shows microcytic anemia, normal platelets, and normal WBC.
Her urine pregnancy test is negative.
She reports pain localized to the epigastrium that radiates to the right scapula.
The pain occurred suddenly after a fast food meal with her grandchildren.
Her temperature is 100.9°F (38.2°C), blood pressure is 140/85 mmHg, pulse is 108/min, and respirations are 20/min.
On examination, she demonstrates tenderness to palpation in the epigastrium.
She experiences inspiratory arrest during deep palpation of the right upper quadrant but this exam finding is not present on the left upper quadrant.
She has had intermittent joint and muscle pain for the past several months in the setting of a chronic headache.
She states that the pain seems to migrate from joint to joint, and her muscles typically ache making it hard for her to sleep.
The patient's past medical history is non-contributory, and she is currently taking ibuprofen for joint pain.
Physical exam is notable for an asymmetrical pulse in the upper extremities.
The patient has lost 10 pounds since her previous visit 2 months ago.
Laboratory values are notable for an elevated C-reactive protein and erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
She thinks they may share a clinically relevant association and would like to submit an editorial to a top journal.
Upon final literature review, she discovers a newly published study that refutes any association between beta-carotene and heart disease.
Your colleague is upset; you suggest that she, instead, mathematically pool the results from all of the studies on this topic and publish the findings.
She feels well overall but is concerned because all of her friends are taller than her.
Her birth weight was normal.
Menarche has not yet occurred.
Her father says he also had short stature and late puberty.
The girl is at the 5th percentile for height and 35th percentile for weight.
Breast development is Tanner stage 2.
Pubic and axillary hair is absent.
An x-ray of the left hand and wrist shows a bone age of 12 years.
Further evaluation of this patient is most likely to show which of the following sets of laboratory findings?
He has had no shortness of breath, palpitations, fevers, or chills.
He emigrated from Ecuador when he was 5 years old.
He does not smoke or drink alcohol.
He takes no medications.
He is 194 cm (6 ft 4 in) tall and weighs 70.3 kg (155 lb); BMI is 19 kg/m2.
His temperature is 37.2°C (99.0°F), pulse is 73/min, respirations are 15/min, and blood pressure is 152/86 mm Hg in the right arm and 130/72 mg Hg in the left arm.
Pulmonary examination shows faint inspiratory wheezing bilaterally.
A CT scan of the chest with contrast is shown.
Her vital signs include temperature 38.9°C (102.0°F), pulse 110/min, respirations 16/min, and blood pressure 122/78 mm Hg.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Urinalysis reveals polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNs) > 10 cells/HPF and the presence of bacteria (> 105 CFU/mL).
Beginning yesterday, he noticed that his eyes started appearing yellowish and his urine was darker than normal.
Two months ago, he returned from a trip to Greece, where he lived before immigrating to the US 10 years ago.
Three days ago, he was diagnosed with latent tuberculosis and started on isoniazid.
He has worked as a plumber the last 5 years.
His temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F), pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows back tenderness and scleral icterus.
He feels well.
He has no significant past medical history.
He takes aspirin for the occasional headaches that he has had for over several years.
He exercises every day and does not smoke.
His father was diagnosed with a hematologic malignancy at 79 years old.
The patient’s vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
The laboratory test results are as follows:
Hemoglobin 14.5 g/dL
Leukocyte count 62,000/mm3
Platelet count 350,000/mm3
A peripheral blood smear is obtained (shown on the image).
She has also noticed difficulty in climbing the stairs and combing her hair.
She confirms a history of 2.3 kg (5.0 lb) weight loss in the past 6 weeks and constipation.
Past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
She has a 50-pack-year cigarette smoking history.
Physical examination reveals a blood pressure of 135/78 mm Hg supine and 112/65 while standing, a heart rate of 82/min supine and 81/min while standing, and a temperature of 37.0°C (98.6°F).
She is oriented to time and space.
Her right upper eyelid is slightly drooped.
She has difficulty in abducting the right eye.
Pupils are bilaterally equal and reactive to light with accommodation.
The corneal reflex is intact.
Muscle strength is reduced in the proximal muscles of all 4 limbs, and the lower limbs are affected more when compared to the upper limbs.
Deep tendon reflexes are bilaterally absent.
After 10 minutes of cycling, the reflexes become positive.
Sensory examination is normal.
Diffuse wheezes are heard on chest auscultation.
The patient was found talking nonsensically to characters on cereal boxes in the store.
Past medical history is significant for multiple hospitalizations for alcohol-related injuries and seizures.
The patient’s vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows a disheveled male who is oriented to person, but not time or place.
Neurologic examination shows nystagmus and severe gait ataxia.
A T1/T2 MRI is performed and demonstrates evidence of damage to the mammillary bodies.
The patient is given the appropriate treatment for recovering most of his cognitive functions.
However, significant short-term memory deficits persist.
The patient remembers events from his past such as the school and college he attended, his current job, and the names of family members quite well.
The patient states that sometimes she has headaches and is ashamed of her body habitus.
Otherwise, the patient has no complaints.
The patient's 90-year-old mother recently died of breast cancer.
The patient smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day.
She drinks 2-3 glasses of red wine per day with dinner.
She has been considering having a child as she has just been promoted to a position that gives her more time off and a greater income.
The patient's current medications include lisinopril, metformin, and a progesterone intrauterine device (IUD).
On physical exam, you note a normal S1 and S2 heart sound.
Pulmonary exam is clear to auscultation bilaterally.
The patient's abdominal, musculoskeletal, and neurological exams are within normal limits.
The patient is concerned about her risk for breast cancer and asks what she can do to reduce her chance of getting this disease.
He was feeling fatigued yesterday and then developed a high fever overnight that was accompanied by chills and malaise.
This morning he also started complaining of headaches and myalgias.
He has otherwise been healthy and does not take any medications.
He says that his friends came down with the same symptoms last week.
He is given oseltamivir and given instructions to rest and stay hydrated.
He is also told that this year the disease is particularly infectious and is currently causing a global pandemic.
He asks the physician why the same virus can infect people who have already had the disease and is told about a particular property of this virus.
The pain is retrosternal, 3/10, and positional (laying down seems to make it worse).
She describes it as “squeezing and burning” in quality, is worse after food intake and emotional stress, and improves with antacids.
The patient recently traveled for 4 hours in a car.
Past medical history is significant for osteoarthritis, hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus, both of which are moderately controlled.
Medications include ibuprofen, lisinopril, and hydrochlorothiazide.
She denies palpitations, dyspnea, shortness of breath, weight loss, fever, melena, or hematochezia.
The patient states he has had profuse, watery diarrhea and abdominal pain that is keeping him up at night.
The patient also claims that he sees blood on the toilet paper when he wipes and endorses having lost 5 pounds recently.
The patient's past medical history is notable for IV drug abuse and a recent hospitalization for sepsis.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 120/68 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On physical exam, you note a young man clutching his abdomen in pain.
Abdominal exam demonstrates hyperactive bowel sounds and diffuse abdominal tenderness.
Cardiopulmonary exam is within normal limits.
The pain is severe and awakened him from sleep.
He has hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
Current medications include hydrochlorothiazide and pravastatin.
His temperature is 37.8°C (100.1°F), pulse is 105/min, and blood pressure is 148/96 mm Hg.
Examination shows exquisite tenderness, erythema, and edema of the left ankle; active and passive range of motion is limited by pain.
Arthrocentesis of the ankle joint yields cloudy fluid with a leukocyte count of 19,500/mm3 (80% segmented neutrophils).
Gram stain is negative.
A photomicrograph of the joint fluid aspirate under polarized light is shown.
In recent weeks, it has become very difficult for him to ingest solid or liquid food.
He has lost 3 kg (6 lb) during this time.
He was admitted to the hospital last year because of pneumonia.
Three years ago, he had an endoscopic procedure which partially improved his dysphagia.
He takes amlodipine and nitroglycerine before meals.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
BMI is 19 kg/m2.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
A barium swallow X-ray is shown.
The patient has a several year history of excessive daytime sleepiness.
She also reports episodes where she suddenly falls to the floor after her knees become weak, often during a laughing spell.
She has no other significant past medical history.
Her primary care physician refers her for a sleep study, which confirms the suspected diagnosis.
They have been sexually active at least twice a week.
The husband sometimes has difficulties maintaining erection during sexual activity.
During attempted vaginal penetration, the patient has discomfort and her pelvic floor muscles tighten up.
Three years ago, the patient was diagnosed with body dysmorphic disorder.
There is no family history of serious illness.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
She takes no medications.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Pelvic examination shows normal appearing vulva without redness; there is no vaginal discharge.
An initial attempt at speculum examination is aborted after the patient's pelvic floor muscles tense up and she experiences discomfort.
Every night he has been sleeping less and taking longer to fall asleep.
During the day, he feels tired and has low energy and difficulty concentrating.
Sleep hygiene and relaxation techniques have failed to improve his sleep.
He would like to start a short-term pharmacological therapy trial but does not want a drug that makes him drowsy during the day.
He was pinned between 2 cars for several hours.
The patient has a history of asthma.
He uses an albuterol inhaler intermittently.
The patient was not the driver, and admits to having a few beers at a party prior to the accident.
His vitals in the ambulance are stable.
Upon presentation to the emergency department, the patient is immediately brought to the operating room for evaluation and surgical intervention.
It is determined that the patient’s right leg has a Gustilo IIIC injury in the mid-shaft of the tibia with a severely comminuted fracture.
The patient’s left leg suffered a similar injury but with damage to the peroneal nerve.
The anesthesiologist begins to induce anesthesia.
Her father is concerned about the color and strength of her teeth.
He says that most of her teeth have had stains since the time that they erupted.
She also has a limp when she walks.
Examination shows brownish-gray discoloration of the teeth.
She has lower limb length discrepancy; her left knee-to-ankle length is 4 cm shorter than the right.
Examination shows a sloping forehead, a flat nasal bridge, increased interocular distance, low-set ears, a protruding tongue, a single palmar crease and an increased gap between the first and second toe.
There are small white and brown spots in the periphery of both irises.
The abdomen is distended.
An x-ray of the abdomen shows two large air-filled spaces in the upper quadrant.
She attended the state fair over a month ago, where she tried a number of regional foods, and wonders if it might have been caused by something she ate.
She has also noticed darkening of her urine, which she attributes to not drinking enough water recently.
She has type 2 diabetes mellitus.
She drinks 1–2 beers daily.
She works as nursing assistant in a rehabilitation facility.
Current medications include glyburide, sitagliptin, and a multivitamin.
She appears tired.
Her temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 99/min, and blood pressure is 110/74 mm Hg.
Examination shows mild scleral icterus.
The liver is palpated 2–3 cm below the right costal margin and is tender.
The rash began on the face and progressed to the trunk and extremities.
Over the past week, he has had a runny nose, a cough, and red, crusty eyes.
He immigrated with his family from Turkey 3 months ago.
His father and his older brother have Behcet disease.
Immunization records are unavailable.
The patient appears irritable and cries during the examination.
His temperature is 40.0°C (104°F).
Examination shows general lymphadenopathy and dry mucous membranes.
Skin turgor is decreased.
There is a blanching, partially confluent erythematous maculopapular exanthema.
Examination of the oral cavity shows two 5-mm aphthous ulcers at the base of the tongue.
His hemoglobin concentration is 11.5 g/dL, leukocyte count is 6,000/mm3, and platelet count is 215,000/mm3.
Serology confirms the diagnosis.
The temperature in the ER was 39.5°C (103.1°F).
There are white exudates present on enlarged tonsils (Grade 2).
Routine blood work reveals a WBC count of 89,000/mm3, with the automatic differential yielding a high (> 90%) percentage of lymphocytes.
A peripheral blood smear is ordered, demonstrating the findings in the accompanying image.
The peripheral smear is submitted to pathology for review.
The pain began 16 hours ago and has no association with meals.
He has not been vomiting, but he has had several episodes of bloody loose bowel movements.
He was hospitalized 1 week ago for an acute myocardial infarction.
He has had diabetes mellitus for 35 years and hypertension for 20 years.
He has smoked 15–20 cigarettes per day for the past 40 years.
His temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), blood pressure is 95/65 mm Hg, and pulse is 95/min.
On physical examination, the patient is in severe pain, there is a mild periumbilical tenderness, and a bruit is heard over the epigastric area.
The contractions are 40 seconds each, occurring every 2 minutes, and increasing in intensity.
Her first child was delivered by lower segment transverse cesarean section because of a nonreassuring fetal heart rate.
Her current medications include folic acid and a multivitamin.
Her temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), heart rate is 88/min, and blood pressure is 126/76 mm Hg.
Contractions are felt on the abdomen.
There is clear fluid in the vulva and the introitus.
The cervix is dilated to 5 cm, 70% effaced, and station of the head is -2.
A fetal ultrasound shows polyhydramnios, a median cleft lip, and fused thalami.
The corpus callosum, 3rd ventricle, and lateral ventricles are absent.
The spine shows no abnormalities and there is a four chamber heart.
He feels well otherwise and has not had any fever or chills.
He returned from an archaeological expedition to Guatemala 4 months ago.
Skin examination shows a solitary, round, pink-colored plaque with central ulceration on the right wrist.
There is right axillary lymphadenopathy.
A photomicrograph of a biopsy specimen from the lesion is shown.
The cough is nonproductive and worsens when she climbs stairs and during the night.
She has not had chest pain or palpitations.
Eight weeks ago, she had fever, sore throat, and nasal congestion.
She has a 10-year history of hypertension.
She has smoked half a pack of cigarettes daily for 16 years.
Her only medication is enalapril.
Her pulse is 78/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 145/95 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 96%.
Diffuse end-expiratory wheezes are heard on pulmonary auscultation.
An x-ray of the chest shows no abnormalities.
Spirometry shows an FEV1:FVC ratio of 65% and an FEV1 of 60%.
The mother has had no prenatal care.
Examination of the newborn in the delivery room shows a small, retracted jaw and hypoplasia of the zygomatic arch.
She has had intermittent pain similar to this before, but it has never lasted this long.
Her temperature is 39°C (102.2°F).
Examination shows a soft abdomen with normal bowel sounds.
The patient has sudden inspiratory arrest during right upper quadrant palpation.
Her alkaline phosphatase, total bilirubin, amylase, and aspartate aminotransferase levels are within the reference ranges.
Apart from occasional headaches, he has no other complaints.
His family recently emigrated from Tanzania and his medical history is unknown.
His father was diagnosed with sickle cell disease at the age of 5.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 13.3 g/dL, a serum creatinine concentration of 0.9 mg/dL, and a serum alkaline phosphatase concentration of 100 U/L.
She processes a cell culture obtained by amniocentesis.
Prior to staining and microscopic examination of the fetal chromosomes, a drug that blocks cell division is added to the cell culture.
On physical examination, her vitals are stable and examination of the abdomen reveals no significant abnormality.
The patient is already receiving a maximum dosage of ondansetron.
Metoclopramide is given, and she experiences significant relief from nausea and vomiting.
She had previously instructed them on the location of an emergency kit in case this ever happened so they are able to successfully inject her with the substance inside.
Her past medical history is significant for type 1 diabetes for which she takes long acting insulin as well as periprandial rapid acting insulin injections.
She has previously been found unconscious once before when she forgot to eat breakfast.
Her mother has noticed fluid oozing from some of the lesions.
She was born at term and has been healthy except for an episode of bronchitis 4 months ago that was treated with azithromycin.
There is no family history of serious illness.
Her immunization records are unavailable.
She attends elementary school but has missed the last 5 days.
She appears healthy.
Her temperature is 38°C (100.4°F).
Examination shows a maculopapular rash with crusted lesions and vesicles over the entire integument, including the scalp.
Her hemoglobin concentration is 13.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 9800/mm3, and platelet count is 319,000/mm3.
He was born at 35 weeks gestation but has otherwise been healthy.
She noticed a cough and some trouble breathing in the setting of a runny nose.
His temperature is 100°F (37.8°C), blood pressure is 64/34 mmHg, pulse is 140/min, respirations are 39/min, and oxygen saturation is 93% on room air.
Pulmonary exam is notable for expiratory wheezing and crackles throughout and intercostal retractions.
Oral mucosa is noted to be dry.
The newborn is at the 10th percentile for length, 14th percentile for weight, and 3rd percentile for head circumference.
Examination shows “punched-out“ skin lesions on the scalp, cleft lip, and a small chin.
There is a convex-shaped deformity of the plantar surface of the feet.
Auscultation shows a holosystolic murmur heard best at the left lower sternal border.
Some of her intestines protrude through the umbilicus, covered by a thin membranous sac.
An MRI of the brain shows a single ventricle and a fusion of the basal ganglia.
She reports developing flu-like symptoms 7 days ago but progressively worsened to the point where she experiences dyspnea on exertion.
Her cough is accompanied by a mild amount of yellow sputum.
Past medical history is notable for a previous admission to the hospital for pneumonia 4 months ago and an admission for bacteremia 6 weeks ago.
She additionally has a history of IV heroin abuse, but her last use of heroin was 3 years ago.
Temperature is 101.2°F (38.4°C), blood pressure is 104/70 mmHg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 20/min.
Physical examination demonstrates coarse upper airway breath sounds over the right lower lung field.
A faint 1/6 non-radiating systolic flow murmur is auscultated at the first right intercostal space.
Abdominal examination is significant for moderate splenomegaly.
Tenderness of the wrists and fingers is elicited on palpation, and range of motion is restricted.
The patient comments that her range of motion and pain usually improve as the day goes on.
He is otherwise healthy and has never had surgery.
He is referred to a general surgeon, and is scheduled for an elective hernia repair the following week.
On closer inspection in the operating room, the surgeon notes a hernia sac that protrudes through the external inguinal ring, bypassing the inguinal canal.
He first noticed the growing mass 2 months ago.
The mass is not painful.
He also has decreased appetite and intermittent abdominal pain.
He has lost 10 kg (22 lb) of weight over the past 3 months.
Sometimes, he wakes up in the morning drenched in sweat.
He takes daily over-the-counter multivitamins.
He appears pale.
His pulse is 65/min, blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, and temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F).
Physical exam shows a painless, golf ball-sized mass in the anterior triangle of the neck.
A biopsy shows large cells with a bilobed nucleus that are CD15- and CD30-positive.
Laboratory analysis of serum shows a calcium level of 14.5 mg/dL and a parathyroid hormone level of 40 pg/mL.
Upon questioning, she reports a cough, dyspnea, and angina.
The report provided by a previous ophthalmologic consultation did not demonstrate any eye abnormalities.
Clinical laboratory pathologic analysis reveals an elevated level of angiotensin-converting enzyme.
Her physical examination reveals no obvious abnormalities.
Her vital signs show a heart rate of 76/min, respiratory rate of 16/min, and blood pressure of 123/73 mm Hg.
After regaining consciousness, the patient had no recollection of what happened and seemed confused.
He has bipolar disorder, which has been controlled with maintenance therapy for the past 15 years.
Physical examination shows dry oral mucosa, muscle fasciculations, and bilateral hand tremors.
His speech is slow, and he is disoriented.
His mother says that he has refused to walk for the last two days and has had a poor appetite.
He returned from a weekend camping trip about a month ago.
His maternal cousin died of osteosarcoma at the age of 12.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
He is at the 80th percentile for height and 70th percentile for weight.
He appears ill. His temperature is 39.3°C (102.7°F), pulse is 115/min, respirations are 19/min, and blood pressure is 95/50 mm Hg.
Examination of the left hip shows tenderness; range of motion is limited.
Minimal attempts to rotate the hip cause severe discomfort.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 12 g/dL
Leukocyte count 19,800/mm3
Platelet count 254,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 55 mm/h
Serum
Glucose 80 mg/dL
CRP 15 mg/L
X-rays of the pelvis shows a widened acetabular space on the left side.
He reports that he “hasn’t felt like himself” recently.
He describes feeling down for the past 8 months since his mother passed away.
He has had trouble sleeping and has unintentionally lost 15 pounds.
He feels guilty about his mother’s death but cannot articulate why.
His performance at work has declined and he has stopped running, an activity he used to enjoy.
He has not thought about hurting himself or others.
Of note, he also complains of numbness in his feet and fingers and inability to maintain an erection.
His past medical history is notable for diabetes.
He is on metformin.
His temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 125/65 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 16/min.
On exam, he is alert and oriented with intact memory and normal speech.
He appears tired with a somewhat flattened affect.
He suffered from blunt abdominal trauma, several lacerations to his face as well as lacerations to his upper and lower extremities.
The patient is afebrile, blood pressure is 45/25 mmHg and pulse is 160/minute.
He is physically active and plays baseball twice a week.
The pain is reproduced when the shoulder is externally rotated against resistance.
She says she had it for the last year and it’s usually located in the right temporal area.
There is localized tenderness over the scalp.
During the last 2 weeks, she experienced 3 episodes of transient loss of vision on the right side, without ocular pain.
On physical examination, her vital signs are normal.
Palpation reveals that the pulsations of the superficial temporal artery on the right side are reduced in amplitude.
He has isolated intestinal tissue from several mice.
After processing the tissue into its individual components, he uses a Western blot analysis to identify a protein that forms part of a multi-protein complex at the apical aspect of epithelial cells.
The complex is known to provide a diffusion barrier between the apical and basolateral aspects of epithelial cells.
Her symptoms include sleep interruption because of frequent waking up for voiding and frequent headaches.
She has smoked 10 cigarettes daily for the past 5 years.
Family history is insignificant.
Her vital signs include a blood pressure of 170/96 mm Hg, pulse of 90/min, and temperature of 36.7°C (98.0°F).
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Her lab results are shown:
Serum sodium 146 mEq/L
Serum potassium 4 mEq/L
Serum bicarbonate 29 mEq/L
Her plasma aldosterone concentration (PAC): plasma renin activity (PRA) ratio measured after following all precautions is found to be elevated.
Oral salt loading testing reveals a lack of aldosterone suppression.
A computerized tomography (CT) scan of the adrenal glands shows a 2 cm mass on the left side.
She's had a rash across her neck, shoulders, and the palms of her hands for the past five days.
She's also had large-volume watery diarrhea for the same period of time.
Past medical history is notable for acute myeloid leukemia, for which she received a stem cell transplant from a donor about two months prior.
Physical exam reveals a faint red maculopapular rash across her neck, shoulders, and hands, as well as an enlarged liver and spleen.
Labs are notable for a total bilirubin of 10.
He says his symptoms began 3 weeks ago and that his appetite has decreased and he has lost 3 kg (6.6 lb) in the last 3 weeks.
He denies any history of cardiac disease.
His past medical history is unremarkable.
The patient admits that he has always lived in poor hygienic conditions in overcrowded quarters and in close contact with cats.
His vital signs include: blood pressure 120/60 mm Hg, pulse 90/min, and temperature 38.0°C (100.4°F).
Physical examination reveals generalized pallor.
A cardiac examination reveals an early diastolic murmur loudest at the left third intercostal space.
Abdominal examination reveals a tender and mildly enlarged spleen.
Prominent axillary lymphadenopathy is noted.
Laboratory investigations reveal a WBC count of 14,500/μL with 5% bands and 93% polymorphonuclear cells.
An echocardiogram reveals a 5-mm vegetation on the aortic valve with moderate regurgitation.
Three sets of blood cultures are taken over 24 hours followed by empiric antibiotic therapy with gentamicin and vancomycin.
The blood cultures show no growth after 5 days.
Following a week of empiric therapy, the patient continues to deteriorate.
She also has nausea with two episodes of vomiting and abdominal bloating.
Her pain had previously been well controlled with acetaminophen every 6 hours.
She underwent umbilical hernia repair surgery two years ago.
She takes sertraline for depression.
Her temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), pulse is 99/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 102/72 mm Hg.
After administration of 0.5 L of crystalloid fluids, blood pressure improves to 118/79 mm Hg.
Multiple ecchymoses are present over the anterior abdominal wall in a pattern that follows the course of a seatbelt.
There are ecchymoses of the flanks bilaterally.
Bowel sounds are absent.
There is tenderness to palpation in all four quadrants with voluntary guarding.
Her hemoglobin is 7.9 g/dL, leukocyte count is 8,500/mm3, platelet count is 350,000/mm3, prothrombin time is 11 seconds, and activated partial thromboplastin time is 33 seconds.
An x-ray of the abdomen shows obliteration of the right psoas shadow and uniform distribution of gas in the small bowel, colon, and rectum without air-fluid levels.
The pain does not radiate anywhere and is hard to localize.
He has had similar episodes in the past 6 months and was prescribed sublingual nitroglycerin, which helps relieve the pain.
The patient has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He takes lisinopril and metformin daily.
He appears well.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 75/min, and blood pressure is 145/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows a regular heart rhythm.
S1 and S2 are normal.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
There is no peripheral edema.
The patient’s husband says her symptoms began 2 days ago and have progressively worsened with an acute deterioration of her mental status 2 hours ago.
The patient describes the headaches as severe, localized to the frontal and periorbital regions, and worse in the morning.
Review of symptoms is significant for a mild, low-grade fever, fatigue, and nausea for the past week.
Past medical history is significant for HIV infection for which she is not currently receiving therapy.
Her CD4+ T cell count last month was 250/mm3.
The blood pressure is 140/85 mm Hg, the pulse rate is 90/min, and the temperature is 37.7°C (100.0°F).
On physical examination, the patient is conscious but drowsy.
Papilledema is present.
No pain is elicited with extension of the leg at the knee joint.
The remainder of the physical examination is negative.
Laboratory findings, including panculture, are ordered.
A noncontrast CT scan of the head is negative and is followed by a lumbar puncture.
He experiences significant and immediate relief of his symptoms within minutes of starting therapy.
Approximately 48 hours after initiating this new medication, he notes return of chest pain and pressure with exertion that no longer responds to continued nitrate use.
Two weeks ago, her blood pressure was 154/78 mm Hg at a routine visit.
Subsequent home blood pressure measurements at days 5, 10, and 14 have been: 156/76 mm Hg, 158/80 mm Hg, and 160/80 mm Hg.
She has trouble falling asleep but otherwise feels well.
She had a cold that resolved with over-the-counter medication 2 weeks ago.
She has a history of primary hypothyroidism and a cyst in the right kidney, which was found incidentally 20 years ago.
She takes levothyroxine.
She is 178 cm (5 ft 10 in) tall and weighs 67 kg (148 lb); BMI is 21.3 kg/m2.
Her pulse is 82/min, and blood pressure is 162/79 mm Hg.
Examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies, including thyroid function studies, serum electrolytes, and serum creatinine, are within normal limits.
The rash began on her trunk and spread to her extremities.
Five days ago, she was taken to the emergency department for fever of 40.5°C (104.9°F) and a 1-minute generalized tonic-clonic seizure.
She was born at term and has no history of serious illness.
Her immunizations are up-to-date.
Current medications include acetaminophen.
Her temperature is 37.2°C (99.0°F) and pulse is 120/min.
Examination shows a maculopapular rash that blanches on pressure.
A photograph of the rash is shown.
Posterior auricular lymphadenopathy is present.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
His height and weight are both below the 10th percentile.
He is pale and has blue eyes.
He cannot pull himself up from a seated position to stand and does not crawl.
She is currently intubated and sedated, and she is receiving intravenous steroids, continuous nebulized beta-agonists, and anticholinergic therapy via breathing treatments.
On hospital day 2, she has a new fever to 38.9°C (102.0°F).
Chest X-ray shows a right lower lobe consolidation.
Blood cultures are collected, and she is started empirically on intravenous cefepime and daptomycin.
On hospital day 4, she continues to be febrile; chest X-ray shows interval worsening of the right lower lobe opacity.
She used to be able to walk a half-mile (800-m) to the grocery store but has been unable to walk 200 meters without stopping because of the pain over the past month.
She can continue to walk after a break of around 5 minutes.
She has hypertension, atrial fibrillation, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 32 years.
Current medications include metformin, enalapril, aspirin, and warfarin.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows an irregularly irregular pulse.
The right lower extremity is cooler than the left lower extremity.
The skin over the right leg appears shiny and dry.
Femoral pulses are palpated bilaterally; pedal pulses are diminished on the right side.
These chores included brushing the family dog, vacuuming, dusting, and sweeping.
She occasionally gets these episodes once or twice a year and has her medication on hand.
Her symptoms are reversed by inhaling a β2-adrenergic receptor agonist.
Subjects are asked to eat a meal at hour 0, at which time the pH of stomach contents and rate of stomach acid secretions are measured over the next 4 hours.
Results of the study are shown.
The pain started 6 hours ago after the patient had a large meal at a birthday party and has progressively worsened.
She recalls having similar pain before but not so intense.
No significant past medical history.
Current medications are only oral contraceptive.
Vitals are blood pressure 140/80 mm Hg, heart rate 79/min, respiratory rate 14/min, and temperature 37.6℃ (99.7℉).
The patient’s BMI is 36.3 kg/m2.
On exam, the patient appears slightly jaundiced.
Her cardiac and respiratory examinations are within normal limits.
Abdominal palpation reveals tenderness to palpation in the RUQ with no rebound or guarding, and there is an inspiratory arrest on deep palpation in this region.
The remainder of the examination is within normal limits.
Laboratory tests are significant for the following:
RBC count 4.1 million/mm3
Hb 13.4 mg/dL
Leukocyte count 11,200/mm3
ESR 22 mm/hr
Platelet count 230,000/mm3
Total bilirubin 2 mg/dL
Direct bilirubin 1.1 mg/dL
ALT 20 IU/L
AST 18 IU/L
Amylase 33 IU/L
Ultrasound of the abdomen shows the following result (see image):
The common bile duct (CBD) (not shown in the image) is not dilated.
He has also had fever and chills during this period.
For the last 2 days, he has had severe pain in his mouth while chewing.
He had an episode of diarrhea a month ago for which he did not seek medical care.
He has no history of serious illness.
His sister has dermatomyositis.
He returned from a hunting trip to eastern Europe 45 days ago.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 130/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows periorbital edema and severe generalized muscle tenderness.
There are splinter hemorrhages on both hands.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 14.2 g/dL
Leukocyte count 12,500/mm3
Segmented neutrophils 60%
Eosinophils 18%
Lymphocytes 20%
Monocytes 2%
Serum
Glucose 117 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.1 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 72 U/L
Creatine kinase 765 U/L
Urinalysis is within normal limits.
He has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
A screening blood test is performed in which peptides are added to the sample to stimulate in vitro production of interferon-gamma, which is then measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
A skin biopsy of the rash shows intraepidermal accumulation of edematous fluid and widening of intercellular spaces between keratinocytes.
His wife has recently been trying to quit, and she wants him to quit with her.
He has been resistant in the past, but he is now very willing to talk with you about it.
Today, he seems like he really wants to make a change.
She delivered a healthy newborn a week and a half ago without any complications.
Since then, she has been having trouble sleeping, eating poorly, and has stopped playing with the baby.
The patient says she feels like she is drained all the time and feels guilty for not doing more for the baby.
He says that the pain travels to his back and is less severe when he leans forward.
He is diagnosed with acute pancreatitis following enzyme analysis and CT scan of the abdomen and is subsequently managed in intensive care unit (ICU) with IV fluids, analgesics, nasogastric decompression, and supportive therapy.
He recovers quickly and is discharged within a week.
However, after 5 weeks, the patient develops projectile vomiting containing food but no bile.
Physical examination shows visible peristalsis from left to right in the upper abdomen.
A repeat CT scan is done.
His mother initially noticed only a few lesions on his back, but since then the rash has spread to his chest.
His family returned from a trip to the Caribbean 2 weeks ago.
His mother started using a new laundry detergent 8 days ago.
He has type 1 diabetes mellitus controlled with insulin.
His mother has Hashimoto thyroiditis and his brother has severe facial acne.
His temperature is 37.2°C (99°F), pulse is 81/min, and blood pressure is 115/74 mm Hg.
Examination of the skin shows multiple, nontender, round, white macules on the chest and trunk.
There is fine scaling when the lesions are scraped with a spatula.
There are no excoriation marks.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
The pain is dull and diffuse over her abdomen and radiates to her lower back bilaterally.
Three weeks ago, she was diagnosed with atrial fibrillation and started on warfarin.
Her only other medication is 1 g of acetaminophen daily for osteoarthritis of her knees.
Her pulse is 87/min and blood pressure is 112/75 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows abdominal tenderness to palpation at both lower quadrants.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows a retroperitoneal mass and hazy margins of the surrounding structures.
He has been a heavy smoker for the past 20 years.
He has unsuccessfully attempted to quit smoking many times.
He has seen multiple physicians for nicotine dependence.
They prescribed nicotine replacement therapy and varenicline.
He has also taken two antidepressants and participated in talk therapy.
He asks the psychiatrist whether there are other alternatives.
The psychiatrist explains that nicotine replacement therapy, non-nicotine pharmacotherapy, and talk therapy are the best options for the management of nicotine dependence.
He tells the patient he can take a second-line medication for non-nicotine pharmacotherapy because the first-line medication failed.
Using a registry of admitted patients over the last 10 years at the local hospital, he isolates all patients who have been diagnosed with cirrhosis.
Subsequently, he contacts this group of patients, asking them to complete a survey assessing their prior exposure to alcohol use, intravenous drug abuse, blood transfusions, personal history of cancer, and other medical comorbidities.
An identical survey is given to an equal number of patients in the registry who do not carry a prior diagnosis of cirrhosis.
On physical examination, the patient is tachypneic with labored breathing.
He has hypertension and hypercholesterolemia.
He underwent a partial gastrectomy for peptic ulcer disease 15 years ago.
Current medications include amlodipine and atorvastatin.
He is a painter.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 101/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 122/82 mm Hg.
Examination shows conjunctival pallor and glossitis.
Sensation to vibration and position is absent over the lower extremities.
He has a broad-based gait.
The patient sways when he stands with his feet together and closes his eyes.
His hemoglobin concentration is 10.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 4300/mm3, and platelet count is 110,000/mm3.
Physical exam reveals petechiae on the patient’s legs and arms.
Laboratory studies show hemoglobin: 10 g/L, platelet count: 35,000/mm^3, leukocyte count: 6,600/mm^3.
A bone marrow aspiration shows an abundance of lymphoblasts indicative of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
Cases of spondyloarthritis were compared with a random sample taken from the general population in regards to a history of prior trauma.
This kind of history, which in turn increased the likelihood of being subjected to X-ray imaging investigations, led to a higher likelihood of diagnosing spondyloarthritis in these individuals compared with the general population.
This resulted in a significantly higher proportion of spondyloarthritis in study participants with prior trauma, with the resulting overestimation of related odds ratio.
The patient states that in general he has had difficulty urinating but recently, it has taken significant effort for him to initiate a urinary stream.
He finds himself unable to completely void and states he has suprapubic tenderness as a result.
These symptoms started suddenly 3 days ago.
The patient has a history of benign prostatic hyperplasia, constipation, and diabetes mellitus.
His current medications include finasteride, sodium docusate, and hydrochlorothiazide.
He recently started taking phenylephrine for seasonal allergies.
The patient’s last bowel movement was 2 days ago.
His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 167/98 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 100% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for suprapubic tenderness, and an ultrasound reveals 750 mL of fluid in the bladder.
Physical examination shows an increased circumference of the right calf.
The leg is warm and tender on palpation.
Dorsiflexion of the right foot elicits calf pain.
An ultrasound of the right leg shows a noncompressible popliteal vein.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 6.6 g/dL, mean corpuscular volume of 74 μm3, platelet count of 150,000/mm3, and serum total bilirubin of 2 mg/dl.
An MRI of the spine shows low signal intensity in all vertebral bodies and a small epidural mass compressing the spinal canal at the level of L1.
A CT scan of the head shows osteopenia with widening of the diploic spaces in the skull.
A biopsy of the epidural mass shows erythroid colonies with an abundance of megakaryocytes and myeloid cells.
She began having symptoms of insomnia and depression 10 months ago.
More recently, she has been having difficulties rising from a chair.
She has a 2-year history of hypertension.
Current medications include citalopram and hydrochlorothiazide.
She is 168 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 100 kg (220 lb).
BMI is 36 kg/m2.
Her pulse is 92/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 134/76 mm Hg.
She appears tired and has a full, plethoric face and central obesity.
Examination of the skin shows violaceous linear striations on her lower abdomen.
Two midnight serum cortisol studies show measurements of 288 μg/L and 253 μg/L (N < 90); a 24-hour urinary cortisol measurement was 395 μg (N < 300).
Upon follow-up laboratory examination, the patient's serum ACTH levels were also elevated at 136 pg/mL (N = 7–50).
She was hospitalized after she expressed suicidal ideations and was started on a medication for major depressive disorder.
Her past medical history is significant for diabetes for which she is currently taking metformin.
Her blood pressure while in the hospital has been around 130/85 mmHg and she is not taking any other medications.
Urinalysis shows a serum osmolality of 1085 mOsm/L.
Over the past year she has been feeling healthy.
She is sexually active and uses an intrauterine device with copper for contraception.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 20 years.
She is 160 cm (5 ft 3 in) tall and weighs 88 kg (194 lb); BMI is 34.4 kg/m2.
Bimanual pelvic examination shows an irregularly enlarged uterus.
A transvaginal ultrasound reveals a singular 4 cm, hypoechoic mass inside the myometrial wall.
He feels well.
His blood pressure is 125/70 mm Hg.
His glomerular filtration rate is calculated to be 105 mL/min/1.73 m2 and glucose clearance is calculated to be 103 mL/min.
The parents state that the patient still has not had any language development, and they are concerned about developmental delay.
Of note, they have also noticed that the patient’s facial features have changed significantly in the last year.
The patient also seems to have trouble visually focusing on objects or on the television.
On exam, the patient's temperature is 98.2°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 108/72 mmHg, pulse is 86/min, and respirations are 14/min.
Of interest, the patient has not increased much in length or weight in the past 3 months.
He is now in the 25th percentile for weight but is in the 90th percentile for head circumference.
The patient does not appear to have any gross or fine motor deficiencies.
Of note, he has coarse facial features that were not previously noted, including a long face, prominent forehead, and protruding eyes.
The patient has corneal clouding bilaterally.
At rest, the patient keeps his mouth hanging open.
After extensive workup, the patient is found to have 2 mutated copies of the IDUA gene, with no production of the protein iduronidase.
His pulse is 110/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows a 2-cm wound overlying a pulsatile mass on the left anterior thigh, 4 cm below the inguinal crease.
A thrill is palpated, and a bruit is heard over this area.
Peripheral pulses are normal bilaterally.
He states that the pain is the worst in his left great toe but is also present in his hips and knees.
He says that his symptoms are worse with activity and tend to improve with rest.
His symptoms have progressively worsened over the past several years.
He has a past medical history of obesity, type II diabetes mellitus, smoking, and hypertension.
He drinks roughly ten beers per day.
His current medications include metformin, insulin, lisinopril, and hydrochlorothiazide.
The patient has a recent travel history to Bangkok where he admits to having unprotected sex.
On physical exam, examination of the lower extremity results in pain.
There is crepitus of the patient's hip when his thigh is flexed and extended.
She has a past medical history of diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia.
She was recently diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and started on disease-modifying therapy.
She states she has felt less able to do things she enjoys and feels guilty she can't play sports with her children.
Review of systems is notable for the patient occasionally seeing a small amount of bright red blood on the toilet paper.
Laboratory studies are ordered as seen below.
His relatives add that his quantity of urine has reduced significantly over the last few days.
He has never had any similar symptoms.
Laboratory findings are significant for the following:
Hb 8.6 g/dL
WBC 6.5 × 1000/mm3
Platelets 43 × 1000/mm3
Cr 3.1 mg/dL
BUN 25 mg/dL
Na+ 136 mg/dL
K+ 4.2 mg/dL
Cl- 101 mg/dL
HCO3- 24 mg/dL
Glu 101 mg/dL
Examination of the peripheral smear shows the presence of schistocytes, helmet cells, and spherocytes.
He has had a 6-kg (13-lb) weight loss during this period.
He emigrated from the Middle East around 2 years ago.
His father died of lung cancer at the age of 54 years.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 18 years.
He appears malnourished.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 101/min, and blood pressure is 118/72 mm Hg.
Crackles are heard on auscultation of the chest.
Cardiac examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 12.3 g/dL
Leukocyte count 13,200/mm3
Platelet count 330,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 66 mm/h
Serum
Urea nitrogen 16 mg/dL
Glucose 122 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.9 mg/dL
Urinalysis is within normal limits.
An x-ray of the chest is shown.
She has a history of duodenal atresia and an atrioventricular septal defect.
She is at the 5th percentile for height and 30th percentile for weight.
Physical examination shows painless cervical lymphadenopathy.
Her hands are short and broad and there is a space between the first and second toes bilaterally.
The spleen tip is palpated 3 cm below the left costal margin.
Bone marrow aspirate shows leukocytosis with 50% lymphoblasts.
She has received routine prenatal care, but she has not been tested for group B streptococcal (GBS) colonization.
Pregnancy and delivery of her first child were complicated by an infection with GBS that resulted in sepsis in the newborn.
Current medications include folic acid and a multivitamin.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
The abdomen is nontender and contractions are felt every 4 minutes.
There is clear amniotic fluid pooling in the vagina.
The fetus is in a cephalic presentation.
The fetal heart rate is 140/min.
She reports having some painful reddish nodules on her legs that she noticed a week ago.
She also has been having loose stools associated with cramping lower abdominal pain for the past month.
This is associated with an urgency to defecate, and defecation helps relieve the abdominal pain.
The stool is occasionally blood-tinged and has some mucus.
She feels fatigued but denies fever, weight loss, exposure to any sick people, or history of travel recently.
No significant past medical history.
Her family history is significant for osteoporosis in her mother, aunt, and older sister.
On physical examination, the patient has generalized pallor.
There are multiple erythematous tender nodules over the extensor surface of the legs bilaterally below the level of the knee.
Abdominal examination reveals mild tenderness to palpation in the left lower quadrant.
A DEXA scan is performed and reveals a T-score of -1.5 at the hips and spine.
Laboratory findings are significant for microcytic anemia and an elevated ESR.
A colonoscopy is performed and reveals patchy inflammation of the colon with rectal sparing.
The lesions are present in patches with intermittent normal colonic mucosa.
The patient is started on sulfasalazine and shows a good response.
However, 6 months later, she returns with a recurrence of her symptoms.
A repeat colonoscopy reveals more extensive involvement of the colon and the small bowel.
A second drug is added to her treatment regimen.
Upon further history, you learn that the family is undocumented and has not had access to primary health services.
Upon physical examination you see a red, slightly bumpy rash extending from the head to the mid-chest level.
She is brought in by her daughter with whom the patient lives.
The patient’s daughter said they were watching TV when her mother became unresponsive.
On exam the patient withdraws to pain but does not open her eyes or speak.
An emergent head CT is done and shows an intracranial bleed.
The patient is moved to the ICU and intubated.
Further history is obtained from the daughter.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes and a previous stroke.
Her medications are metformin and warfarin.
The patient is compliant with all of her medications.
The daughter says that the patient changed her diet about 1 month ago in response to a diet she saw on a talk show.
She is concerned about the costs related to future prenatal visits, medications, procedures, and the delivery.
She has no type of health insurance through her work and has previously been denied coverage by public health insurance based on her income.
Since then she has been promoted and earns a higher salary.
He is compliant with his respiratory therapy, but states that he often "forgets" to take the medications before he eats.
A panel of labs is drawn which reveals a moderate vitamin D deficiency.
After proper evaluation, the patient is started on daily administration of sildenafil.
Her personal history is unremarkable except for an ectopic pregnancy 5 years ago.
Upon admission, she is found to have a blood pressure of 120/60 mm Hg, a pulse of 105/min, a respiratory rate 20/min, and a body temperature of 37°C (98.6°F).
She has diffuse abdominal tenderness, hypoactive bowel sounds, and mild distention on examination of her abdomen.
Rectal and pelvic examination findings are normal.
An abdominal plain film of the patient is given.
She is in a monogamous relationship with her husband and has an intrauterine device for contraception.
Her past medical history is unremarkable, except for recently being treated with antibiotics for sinusitis.
Pelvic exam is remarkable for vulvar excoriations, vaginal wall edema, and thick, white discharge in the vault.
Wet mount with KOH staining reveals budding filaments with pseudohyphae and hyphae.
She was born at 39 weeks' gestation to a 22-year-old woman.
Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated.
The mother received irregular prenatal care during the second half of the pregnancy.
The newborn weighed 3700 g (8 lb 2.5 oz) at birth, and no congenital anomalies were noted.
She currently weighs 4000 g (8 lb 13 oz).
Examination of the newborn shows pink skin.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
There is mucopurulent discharge in both eyes and mild eyelid swelling.
Polymerase chain reaction assay of conjunctival scraping confirms the diagnosis.
She underwent surgery yesterday and had an uneventful postoperative course.
However, she now complains that she is unable to completely void.
She also complains of pain in the suprapubic area.
You examine her and confirm the tenderness and fullness in the suprapubic region.
You ask the nurse to perform a bladder scan, which reveals 450cc.
The patient reports that the symptoms started about 2 hours ago when she woke up and have not improved.
She states the pain is moderate, throbbing, tight in character, and is located in the occipital region bilaterally.
The patient denies any visual and audio disturbances, nausea, and vomiting.
She recalls 2 similar headaches in the past month.
She has no other relevant medical history.
Current medications are alendronate and a daily multivitamin.
The patient works long hours as a corporate attorney.
A review of systems is significant for mild photophobia.
Her temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), the blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, the pulse is 70/min, the respiratory rate is 18/min, and the oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On physical exam, the patient is alert and oriented.
There is moderate tenderness to palpation diffusely over the upper posterior cervical muscles and occipital region of the scalp.
The remainder of the physical exam is normal.
Laboratory tests are normal.
Urine pregnancy test is negative.
Paroxetine therapy was initiated 6 weeks ago for a major depressive episode.
He now feels much better and says he is delighted with his newfound energy.
He gets around 8 hours of sleep nightly.
His appetite has increased.
Last year, he had two episodes of depressed mood, insomnia, and low energy during which he had interrupted his job training and stopped going to the gym.
Now, he has been able to resume his job at a local bank.
He also goes to the gym three times a week to work out and enjoys reading books again.
His temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), pulse is 70/min, and blood pressure is 128/66 mm Hg.
Physical and neurologic examinations show no abnormalities.
Menses have occurred at irregular 45- to 60-day intervals since menarche at the age of 13 years.
Her last menstrual period was 5 weeks ago and lasted for 7 days with heavy flow and no cramping.
She is not sexually active.
She is 171 cm (5 ft 7 in) tall and weighs 58 kg (128 lb); BMI is 20 kg/m2.
Her temperature is 36.6°C (97.8°F), pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg.
Pelvic examination shows a normal-appearing vagina and cervix.
Bimanual examination shows a normal-sized uterus and no palpable adnexal masses.
The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
He is otherwise healthy with no known medical disorders and no other symptoms.
The boy was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
He is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
On physical examination, his temperature is 36.9ºC (98.4ºF), pulse rate is 90/min, blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, and respiratory rate is 18/min.
Pulses in all four extremities are equal and normally palpated; there is no radio-femoral delay.
The pediatrician suspects a congenital heart disease after auscultation of the heart.
During the procedure, the patient had persistent bleeding from the teeth's surrounding gums.
Multiple gauze packs were applied with minimal effect.
The patient has a history of easy bruising.
The mother says her brother had similar problems when his wisdom teeth were removed, and that he also has a history of easy bruising and joint swelling.
The patient takes no medications.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 90/min, and blood pressure is 108/74 mm Hg.
Laboratory studies show:
Hematocrit 35%
Leukocyte count 8,500/mm3
Platelet count 160,000/mm3
Prothrombin time 15 sec
Partial thromboplastin time 60 sec
Bleeding time 6 min
Fibrin split products negative
Serum
Urea nitrogen 20 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
Bilirubin
Total 1.0 mg/dL
Direct 0.5 mg/dL
Lactate dehydrogenase 90 U/L
Peripheral blood smear shows normal-sized platelets.
Lab evaluation is notable for a ferritin of 1400 ug/L (nl <300 ug/L), increased total iron, increased transferrin saturation, and decreased total iron binding capacity.
The patient’s daughter says he has been having memory and simple calculation issues, gets upset easily, and his grip strength has dramatically declined.
The patient was completely normal prior to these recent changes and used to be able to perform his activities of daily living without a problem.
He has a past medical history significant for hypertension, stable angina, and benign prostatic hypertrophy, as well as frequent falls with the last one occurring 1 month ago.
Physical examination is remarkable for dyscalculia, short-term memory deficits, and decreased grip strength (4/5) in his right hand.
A noncontrast CT of the head is performed and is shown in the image.
Pregnancy was complicated by iron deficiency anemia treated with iron supplements.
At the beginning of the first stage of labor, there are coordinated, regular, rhythmic contractions of high intensity that occur approximately every 10 minutes.
Four hours later, the cervix is 100% effaced and 10 cm dilated; the vertex is at -1 station.
Over the next two hours, there is minimal change in in fetal descent; vertex is still at -1 station.
Fetal birth weight is estimated at the 75th percentile.
The fetal heart rate is 145/min and is reactive with no decelerations.
Contractions occurs approximately every 2 minutes with adequate pressure.
Epidural anesthesia was not given, as the patient is coping well with pain.
Physical examination shows a uterus consistent in size with a 26-week gestation.
Fetal ultrasonography shows a male fetus with a thick band constricting the right lower arm; the limb distal to the constrictive band cannot be visualized.
He states the rash started last night and is very concerning to him.
The patient cannot remember being exposed to any environmental stimuli such as new detergents or poison ivy.
The patient recently started following with a primary care provider who is helping him manage his arthritis and a new onset cough.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 127/68 mmHg, pulse is 125/min, respirations are 18/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for the findings of coalescing erythematous macules, bullae, desquamation, and mucositis only on the upper half of his back.
Cardiopulmonary exam and abdominal exam are within normal limits.
Inspection of the patient’s oropharynx reveals ulcers and erythema.
The cough is present during the day, especially after returning from school.
His school teacher says he does not cough at school.
The cough is absent while he is asleep, although it increases during examinations or when he experiences boredom.
His mother reports that there was a one-month period where he did not cough, but during that month, he used to shrug his shoulders frequently, especially when he was stressed or fatigued.
There is no history of sneezing, nasal discharge, nasal congestion, headache, ear symptoms, or breathing difficulty.
Detailed history does not suggest the presence of a mood disorder, obsessive-compulsive symptoms, or attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
There is no past history of a known neurological disorder, and there is no history of substance abuse.
On physical examination, his vital signs are stable.
Examination of his respiratory and cardiovascular systems is normal.
However, the pediatrician notes repeated eye blinking; upon asking about eye blinking, the mother reports that he has had this habit since he was almost eight years old.
Further inquiry suggests that eye blinking, coughing, and grunting disappear for a few weeks without explanation, only to reappear again.
She has been diagnosed with HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) infection recently and is currently taking antiretroviral therapy (HAART), as prescribed by her physician.
The obstetrician emphasizes the importance of antenatal and peripartum antiretroviral therapy for reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV.
She also tells the patient that certain antiretroviral drugs, if taken during pregnancy, increase the risk of birth defects in the fetus.
She gives a printed list of such drugs to the woman for educational and informational purposes.
The mother says that the blue color went away when she picked the baby up and brought his knees to his chest.
The physician orders a chest X-ray which shows a boot-shaped heart and he tells the mother that the baby has a condition that is caused by an anterosuperior displacement of the infundibular septum.
At birth, she was found to have partial labial fusion and clitoromegaly.
The mother reports that during the pregnancy she had noticed abnormal hair growth on her chin.
The girl has severe acne.
Three years ago, she broke her wrist after a minor trauma.
Last year, she sustained a spinal compression fracture after lifting a box during a move.
She currently takes oral isotretinoin and an oral contraceptive.
The patient is at the 97th percentile for height and 50th percentile for weight.
Physical examination shows numerous inflamed pustules on her face and upper back.
Breast development is at Tanner stage I.
The patient refuses to have a pelvic examination.
A pelvic ultrasound shows ovaries with multiple cysts and a normal uterus.
The cough is dry and has been progressively worsening for the past 48 hours along with the shortness of breath.
His fever never exceeded 37.8°C (100.0°F) at home.
The parents say that he has also had abundant nasal drainage and loss of appetite.
He is irritable and vomited twice during this period.
He has no relevant medical or family history.
His vitals are the following:
Pulse rate 165/min
Respiratory rate 77/min
Temperature 38.0°C (100.4°F)
On physical examination, there is nasal congestion with thick secretions, accompanied by nasal flaring.
On chest examination, intercostal retractions are seen and diffuse wheezing on both sides are heard on auscultation.
She does not drink alcohol or use illicit drugs.
Her temperature is 39.3°C (102.8°F).
She appears weak and lethargic.
Physical examination shows crackles at both lung bases and a grade 2/6, blowing diastolic murmur over the right sternal border.
Laboratory studies show leukocytosis and an elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
She reports that twice over the last 2 weeks she has had sudden “black out” of the vision in her right eye.
She notes that both episodes were painless and self-resolved over approximately a minute.
The patient’s past medical history is significant for hypertension, diet-controlled diabetes mellitus, and hypothyroidism.
Her family history is notable for coronary artery disease in the patient’s father and multiple sclerosis in her mother.
Ophthalmologic and neurologic exam is unremarkable.
He notes that his symptoms began several weeks ago and have worsened over time.
He now has trouble swallowing solids and liquids.
He denies any other symptoms.
He has no significant past medical history.
Travel history reveals a recent trip to South America but no other travel outside the United States.
His temperature is 100°F (37.8°C), blood pressure is 120/81 mmHg, pulse is 99/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
HEENT exam is unremarkable.
He has no palpable masses in his abdomen.
She complains of generalized fatigue and lethargy on most days of the week for the past 4 months.
She has no significant past medical history and is not taking any medications.
She denies any history of smoking or recreational drug use but states that she drinks “socially” approx.
6 nights a week.
She says she also enjoys a “nightcap,” which is 1–2 glasses of wine before bed every night.
The patient is afebrile, and her vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, there is significant pallor of the mucous membranes.
Laboratory findings are significant for a mean corpuscular volume (MCV) of 72 fL, leukocyte count of 4,800/mL, hemoglobin of 11.0 g/dL, and platelet count of 611,000/mL.
She is started on oral ferrous sulfate supplements.
On follow-up, her laboratory parameters show no interval change in her MCV or platelet level.
During this period, he has also had pain with defecation.
Four months ago, he was diagnosed with anogenital warts that were treated with cryotherapy.
Over the past year, he has been sexually active with 3 male partners.
He uses condoms inconsistently.
Current medications are zidovudine, emtricitabine, and efavirenz.
Digital rectal examination and anoscopy show an exophytic mass on the anal margin that is protruding into the anal canal.
The mass is tender to palpation and bleeds easily on contact.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 7,600/mm3 and a CD4+ T-lymphocyte count of 410/mm3 (N ≥ 500).
A biopsy specimen of the lesion shows a well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma.
The child presents with significant rapid breathing and appears unwell.
On examination, his liver size is 1.5 times larger than children of his age, and he has mild pitting edema in his legs.
This child is also in the lower weight-age and height-age percentiles.
On auscultation, mild rales were noted and a fixed split S2 was heard on inspiration.
There is no family history of congenital disorders or metabolic syndromes.
While illustrating this, he points out that when the action potential reaches the presynaptic terminal of a chemical synapse, the voltage-gated Ca2+ channels open.
Ca2+ ions trigger the release of neurotransmitters from vesicles in the presynaptic terminal.
In this type of synaptic transmission, increased cytosolic Ca2+ levels cause the release of a neurotransmitter from small vesicles with dense cores.
The patient’s wife says that he suddenly started sweating, having tremors, and mumbling to himself.
Yesterday, the patient visited his psychiatrist with worsening depression who added phenelzine to his current treatment regimen.
No other significant past medical history.
His temperature is 39.7°C (103.5°F), blood pressure is 145/90 mm Hg, and pulse is 115/min.
On physical examination, the skin is flushed.
Mucous membranes are dry, and pupils are dilated.
There is pronounced clonus in the extremities bilaterally.
Babinski sign is present bilaterally.
All the patient’s medications are discontinued, and intravenous fluids are started.
She has also noticed an increase in blackheads and pimples on her skin.
Her female partner has also recently brought to her attention the deepening of her voice, weight gain, and changes in her external genitalia that generated some personal relationship issues.
The patient is frustrated as these changes have appeared over the course of the last 8 months.
She claims that she was feeling completely normal before all of these physical changes started.
Physical examination shows dark coarse stubbles distributed along her upper lip, chin, chest, back, oily skin, and moderately inflamed acne.
Pelvic examination reveals a clitoris measuring 12 mm long, a normal sized mobile retroverted uterus, and a firm, enlarged left ovary.
These issues have developed and worsened over the past month.
She has no significant prior medical or surgical history other than cholecystitis managed with cholecystectomy 5 years ago.
Her vital signs at today's visit are as follows: T 37.1 C, HR 77, BP 158/98, RR 12, and SpO2 99%.
Physical examination is significant for tetany, mild abdominal distension, reduced bowel sounds, and hypertensive retinal changes on fundoscopic exam.
The physician orders a laboratory and imaging work-up based on his suspected diagnosis.
An abdominal CT scan shows an 8 cm unilateral left adrenal mass suggestive of an adrenal adenoma.
Physical examination shows masked facies and a slow, shuffling gait.
When her ankles are passively flexed, there is involuntary, jerky resistance.
Treatment is initiated with a combination of levodopa and carbidopa.
Past medical history is significant for a pyloric myomectomy at 2 months of age after a few episodes of projectile vomiting.
He has reached all appropriate developmental milestones.
He currently lives with his parents and pet cat in a house built in the 1990s.
He was weaned off of breast milk at 6 months of age.
He is a very picky eater, but drinks 5–6 glasses of whole milk a day.
The patient's height and weight are in the 50th percentile for his age and sex.
The vital signs are within normal limits except for the presence of slight tachycardia.
Physical examination reveals an alert infant with a slight pallor.
Abdomen is soft and nondistended.
A grade 2/6 systolic ejection murmur is noted in the left upper sternal border.
She has been experiencing severe nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea for the last 2 days and was feeling too fatigued to walk this morning.
On presentation, her temperature is 99.2°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 95/62 mmHg, pulse is 121/min, and respirations are 17/min.
Physical exam reveals decreased skin turgor, and a stool sample reveals off-white watery stools.
Gram stain reveals a gram-negative, comma-shaped organism that produces a toxin.
She tolerates the surgery well, but 3 years later develops inflammation and fibrosis in her terminal bronchioles.
She was born prematurely at 33 weeks and was 3 pounds at birth.
Her mother also says that there is a history of visual problems that run in the family, which is why she wanted to make sure that her daughter was evaluated early.
On presentation, she is found to have eyes that are misaligned both horizontally and vertically.
Physical examination and labs reveal no underlying disorders, and the patient is discharged with occlusion therapy to help correct the misalignment.
Her mom reports that she was at a birthday party when all of a sudden she fell.
She reported left foot weakness and has been limping ever since.
The patient has been healthy and had an uncomplicated birth history, though her mom reports that she just recovered from a cold.
She currently lives with her younger sister and mother as her parents recently divorced.
She does well in school and has a handful of good friends.
Her physical exam demonstrated normal bulk and tone, 5/5 strength in all motions, 2+ and symmetric reflexes at biceps, triceps and knees.
She had 1+ ankle reflex on left.
She is a graduate student and confesses that she is a “worry-a-holic,” which has been getting worse for the last 6 months as the due date for her final paper is approaching.
During this time, she feels more on edge, irritable, and is having difficulty sleeping.
She has already tried employing good sleep hygiene practices, including a switch to non-caffeinated coffee.
Her past medical history is significant for depression in the past that was managed medically.
No current medications.
The patient’s family history is significant for her mother who has a panic disorder.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination reveals a mildly anxious patient but is otherwise normal.
She denies any recent illnesses, sick contacts, or consumption of foods outside of her usual diet.
She reports smoking marijuana at least three times a day.
Her temperature is 97.7°F (36.5°C), blood pressure is 90/74 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, respirations are 10/min, and SpO2 is 94% on room air.
Her conjunctiva are injected.
Her basic metabolic panel is obtained below.
Serum:
Na+: 132 mEq/L
Cl-: 89 mEq/L
K+: 2.9 mEq/L
HCO3-: 30 mEq/L
BUN: 35 mg/dL
Glucose: 80 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.5 mg/dL
Magnesium: 2.0 mEq/L

She continues to have multiple bouts of emesis and dry retching.
The paramedics report that the patient was struck from behind by a drunk driver.
He was mentating well at the scene but complained of pain in his abdomen.
The patient has no known past medical history.
In the trauma bay, his temperature is 98.9°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 86/51 mmHg, pulse is 138/min, and respirations are 18/min.
The patient is somnolent but arousable to voice and pain.
His lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
He is diffusely tender to palpation on abdominal exam with bruising over the left upper abdomen.
His distal pulses are thready, and capillary refill is delayed bilaterally.
Two large-bore peripheral intravenous lines are placed to bolus him with intravenous 0.9% saline.
Chest radiograph shows multiple left lower rib fractures.
She reports no abdominal pain or uterine contractions.
She received no prenatal care after 20 weeks gestation because she was traveling.
Prior to the current pregnancy, she used oral contraception.
At 22 years of age she underwent a cervical polypectomy.
She has a 5 pack-year smoking history.
The blood pressure is 115/70 mmHg, the heart rate is 88/min, the respiratory rate is 14/min, and the temperature is 36.7℃ (98℉).
Abdominal palpation reveals no uterine tenderness or contractions.
The fundus is palpable between the umbilicus and the xiphoid process.
An ultrasound exam shows placental extension over the internal cervical os.
Since birth, she has had four upper respiratory tract infections that resolved without treatment and one episode of acute otitis media treated with antibiotics.
She has a history of eczema.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.7°F), and respirations are 28/min.
Physical examination shows a shallow breathing pattern and scattered expiratory wheezing throughout both lung fields.
He has not had any trauma other than stubbing his toe 3 days ago at the garage where he works as a mechanic.
Examination of the right knee shows swelling and erythema with fluctuance over the inferior patella.
There is tenderness on palpation of the patella but no joint line tenderness or warmth.
The range of flexion is limited because of the pain.
He is a senior in high school and during the year, his grades have plummeted to the point that he is failing.
He says his memory is now poor, and he has trouble focusing on tasks.
His behavior has changed in the past 6 months, in that he has frequent episodes of depression, separated by episodes of bizarre behavior, including excessive alcohol drinking and shoplifting.
His parents have started to suspect that he is using street drugs, which he denies.
His handwriting has become very sloppy.
His parents have noted slight slurring of his speech.
Family history is irrelevant.
Physical examination reveals upper extremity tremors, mild dystonia of the upper extremities, and mild incoordination involving his hands.
The patient’s eye is shown.
He has no past medical history though his parents say that he seems to bruise fairly easily.
His parents say that they are afraid he may have accidentally taken his grandfather's warfarin medication.
On presentation, he is found to have an erythematous, warm, swollen knee.
He feels well.
He has no urinary urgency, increased frequency, dysuria, or gross hematuria.
He has a history of recurrent urinary tract infections.
His last urinary tract infection was 3 months ago and was treated with ciprofloxacin.
Current medications include a multivitamin.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 18 years.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
There is no costovertebral angle tenderness.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 11.2 g/dL
Leukocyte count 9,500/mm3
Platelet count 170,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 135 mEq/L
K+ 4.9 mEq/L
Cl- 101 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 18 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.6 mg/dL
Urine
Blood 2+
Protein negative
RBC 5–7/hpf, normal shape and size
RBC casts negative
WBC 0–2/hpf
Bacteria negative
Urine cultures are negative.
Urine analysis is repeated and shows similar results.
A cystoscopy shows no abnormalities.
He reports a weight loss of 15 kg (33.0 lb) over the past 3 months and feels full almost immediately after starting to eat, often feeling nauseous and occasionally vomiting.
Past medical history is not significant.
However, the patient reports a 10-pack-year smoking history.
His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), respiratory rate is 15/min, pulse is 67/min, and blood pressure is 122/98 mm Hg.
Physical examination reveals paleness and conjunctival pallor.
Abdominal examination reveals an ill-defined nontender mass in the epigastric region along with significant hepatomegaly.
Routine laboratory studies show a hemoglobin level of 7.2 g/dL.
A contrast CT scan of the abdomen is presented below.
The patient is aggressive, combative, emotionally labile, and has to be chemically restrained.
The patient continues to vomit and blood is noted in the vomitus.
His temperature is 99.2°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 139/88 mmHg, pulse is 106/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 100% on room air.
The patient complains of sudden onset chest pain during his physical exam.
A crunching and rasping sound is heard while auscultating the heart.
He reports pain in his neck as well as weakness of his upper extremities.
He is alert and immobilized in a cervical collar.
He has hypertension treated with hydrochlorthiazide.
His pulse is 90/min and regular, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 140/70 mmHg.
Examination shows bruising and midline cervical tenderness.
Neurologic examination shows diminished strength and sensation to pain and temperature in the upper extremities, particularly in the hands.
Upper extremity deep tendon reflexes are absent.
Strength, sensation, and reflexes in the lower extremities are intact.
Anal sensation and tone are present.
Babinski's sign is absent bilaterally.
Currently, she has no complaints.
She had an uncomplicated 1st pregnancy that ended in an uncomplicated vaginal delivery at the age of 28 years.
Her male child was born healthy, with normal physical and psychological development over the years.
Two of her previous pregnancies were spontaneously terminated in the 1st trimester.
Her elder sister has a child born with Down syndrome.
The patient denies smoking and alcohol consumption.
Both of his pupils are normal in size and reactive to light.
There are no obvious signs of head trauma.
The finger prick test shows a blood glucose level of 20 mg/dL.
He has been brought to the emergency department due to acute alcohol intoxication several times.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 100/70 mm Hg, heart rate 110/min, respiratory rate 22/min, and temperature 35℃ (95℉).
On general examination, he is pale looking and disheveled with an odor of EtOH.
On physical examination, the abdomen is soft and non-tender with no hepatosplenomegaly.
After giving a bolus of intravenous dextrose, thiamine, and naloxone, he spontaneously opens his eyes.
Blood and urine samples are drawn for toxicology screening.
The blood alcohol level comes out to be 300 mg/dL.
The pain usually occurs after walking his dog a few blocks and is more severe on the right side.
He has coronary artery disease, essential hypertension, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He has smoked two packs of cigarettes daily for 43 years and drinks two alcoholic beverages a day.
Current medications include metformin, lisinopril, and aspirin.
He is 183 cm (5 ft 11 in) tall and weighs 113 kg (250 lb); BMI is 34.9 kg/m2.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 84/min, and blood pressure is 129/72 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination shows a gallop without murmurs.
The legs have shiny skin with reduced hair below the knee.
Femoral and popliteal pulses are palpable bilaterally.
Dorsal pedal pulses are 1+ on the left and absent on the right.
Ankle-brachial index (ABI) is performed in the office.
ABI is 0.5 in the right leg, and 0.6 in the left leg.
He had an atraumatic ulceration of his penis about 1 month ago that was not painful and resolved on its own within 1 week.
He works at an animal shelter for abandoned pets.
He is sexually active with multiple male partners and does not use condoms.
His temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F).
Examination of the groin shows numerous tender nodules with purulent discharge.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He also complains that his stools have been larger and rougher than usual.
He has non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is currently receiving chemotherapy with prednisone, vincristine, rituximab, cyclophosphamide, and doxorubicin.
He has received 4 cycles of chemotherapy, and his last chemotherapy cycle was 2 weeks ago.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 89/min, and blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg.
Examination shows decreased muscle strength in the distal muscles of the lower extremities.
Ankle jerk is 1+ bilaterally and knee reflex is 2+ bilaterally.
Sensation to pain, vibration, and position is decreased over the lower extremities.
Serum concentrations of glucose, creatinine, electrolytes, and calcium are within the reference range.
He also reports fatigue, a 10-pound weight loss over the past 6 weeks, and a tingling sensation in his hands and feet over the same time period.
Aside from the family dog, he has not had contact with animals for over 1 year and has not traveled outside the country.
He has hypertension and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Five years ago, he underwent a partial gastrectomy with jejunal anastomosis for gastric cancer.
Current medications include hydrochlorothiazide and tamsulosin.
His temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 132/83 mm Hg.
Examination shows a soft and nontender abdomen.
There is a well-healed scar on the upper abdomen.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
The conjunctivae appear pale.
Sensation to vibration and position is absent over the lower extremities.
His hemoglobin concentration is 9.9 g/dL, MCV is 108 μm3, total protein 3.9 g/dL, and albumin 1.9 g/dL.
His parents report that three weeks ago the patient began vomiting after meals.
They say that the vomitus appears to be normal stomach contents without streaks of red or green.
His parents have already tried repositioning him during mealtimes and switching his formula to eliminate cow’s milk and soy.
Despite these adjustments, the vomiting has become more frequent and forceful.
The patient’s mother reports that he is voiding about four times per day and that his urine looks dark yellow.
The patient has fallen one standard deviation off his growth curve.
The patient's mother reports that the pregnancy was uncomplicated other than an episode of sinusitis in the third trimester, for which she was treated with azithromycin.
In the office, the patient's temperature is 98.7°F (37.1°C), blood pressure is 58/41 mmHg, pulse is 166/min, and respirations are 16/min.
On physical exam, the patient looks small for his age.
His abdomen is soft, non-tender, and non-distended.
A group of healthy volunteers are started on a diet deficient in pantothenic acid.
After 4 weeks, several of the volunteers develop irritability, abdominal cramps, and burning paresthesias of their feet.
These symptoms are fully reversed after reintroduction of pantothenic acid to their diet.
His past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, chronic atrial fibrillation, and ischemic cardiomyopathy.
On his last visit three months ago, he was found to have hyperkalemia, at which time lisinopril and spironolactone were removed from his medication regimen.
Currently, his medications include coumadin, aspirin, metformin, glyburide, metoprolol, furosemide, and amlodipine.
His T is 37 C (98.6 F), BP 154/92 mm Hg, HR 80/min, and RR 16/min.
His physical exam is notable for elevated jugular venous pressure, an S3 heart sound, and 1+ pitting pedal edema.
His repeat lab work at the current visit is as follows:

Sodium: 138 mEq/L, potassium: 5.7 mEq/L, chloride 112 mEq/L, bicarbonate 18 mEq/L, BUN 29 mg/dL, and creatinine 2.1 mg/dL.
He reports that he has stopped playing for his high school football team because of persistent difficulty lifting his right arm.
Physical examination shows impaired active abduction of the right arm from 0 to 15 degrees.
After passive abduction of the right arm to 15 degrees, the patient is able to raise his arm above his head.
During this period, his appetite has decreased and he has had a 6.3-kg (14-lb) weight loss.
He reports that his stool appears pale and his urine is very dark.
Three years ago, he had an episode of acute upper abdominal pain that was treated with IV fluids, NSAIDs, and dietary modification.
He has stopped drinking alcohol since then; he used to drink 1–2 beers daily for 40 years.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for the past 50 years.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows yellowing of the conjunctivae and skin.
The abdomen is soft and nontender; a soft, cystic mass is palpated in the right upper quadrant.
Serum studies show:
Bilirubin, total 5.6 mg/dL
Direct 4.8 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 192 U/L
AST 32 U/L
ALT 34 U/L
Abdominal ultrasonography shows an anechoic cystic mass in the subhepatic region and dilation of the intrahepatic and extrahepatic bile ducts.
Upon examination at autopsy, the left kidney is noted to selectively lack cortical and medullary collecting ducts.
He is known to have occasional episodes of mild cyanosis, especially when he is extremely agitated.
This is the worst episode of this child’s life, according to his parents.
He was born with an APGAR score of 8 via a normal vaginal delivery.
His development is considered delayed compared to children of his age.
History is significant for frequent squatting after strenuous activity.
On auscultation, there is evidence of a systolic ejection murmur at the left sternal border.
On examination, his oxygen saturation is 71%, blood pressure is 81/64 mm Hg, respirations are 42/min, pulse is 129/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F).
His parents report that he always looks restless at home and is never quiet.
His school teachers frequently complain that he cannot remain seated for long during class, often leaving his seat to move around the classroom.
A detailed history of his symptoms suggests a diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
The parents report that he has taken advantage of behavioral counseling several times without improvement.
The pediatrician considers pharmacotherapy and plans to start methylphenidate at a low dose, followed by regular follow-up.
His height and weight are both at the 20th percentile.
Crackles are heard in both lower lung fields.
Cardiac auscultation shows a grade 3/6 holosystolic murmur over the left lower sternal border and a diastolic rumble heard best at the apex.
The pain started suddenly while he was having dinner.
A few moments prior to the onset of the pain, he experienced discomfort when trying to eat or drink anything.
On the way to the hospital he took a sublingual nitrate tablet that he had at home, which helped relieve the pain.
His pulse is 80/min, respirations are 14/min, and blood pressure is 144/88 mm Hg.
Examination shows no other abnormalities.
An ECG shows a normal sinus rhythm with no ST-segment abnormalities.
An esophagogram is done and shows areas of diffuse, uncoordinated spasms in several segments along the length of the esophagus.
She says her symptoms onset 2 days ago and have not improved.
She describes the abdominal pain as moderate, cramping in character, and poorly localized.
1 week ago, she says she was on a camping trip with her friends and had barbecued chicken which she thought tasted strange.
The patient denies any chills, hemoptysis, hematochezia, or similar symptoms in the past.
The vital signs include: pulse 87/min and temperature 37.8°C (100.0°F).
Physical examination is significant for moderate tenderness to palpation in the periumbilical region with no rebound or guarding.
Stool is guaiac positive.
She states that she developed breasts 4 years ago but has not experienced menses yet.
The patient denies abdominal pain and has no past medical history.
Her mother underwent menarche at age 13.
The patient is a volleyball player at school, is single, and has never attempted intercourse.
At this visit, her temperature is 98.3°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 110/76 mmHg, pulse is 72/min, and respirations are 14/min.
She is 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 116 pounds (BMI 18.2 kg/m^2).
Exam shows Tanner IV breasts, Tanner I pubic hair, and minimal axillary hair.
External genitalia are normal, but the vagina is a 5-centimeter blind pouch.
Genetic testing is performed.
He feels the urge to urinate every hour or two, which restricts his daily activities and interferes with his sleep.
He has no fever, hematuria, or burning pain on micturition.
He has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Current medications include metformin and amlodipine.
He does not smoke and drinks 1 to 2 beers daily.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Abdominal examination shows no abnormalities.
Digital rectal examination shows a nontender, firm, symmetrically enlarged prostate with no nodules.
Review of systems and history is otherwise unremarkable.
The vital signs include: pulse 110/min, temperature 38.1°C (100.6°F), and blood pressure 100/70 mm Hg.
On examination, there is a tender swelling over the lower part of his left leg.
She also has vague lower right abdominal pain which started a few hours ago and is increasing in intensity.
The medical history is significant for chronic hepatitis C infection, and she claims to take a pill for it ‘every now and then.’ The temperature is 36.0°C (98.6°F), the blood pressure is 110/70 mmHg, and the pulse is 80/min.
The abdominal examination is positive for localized right adnexal tenderness; no rebound tenderness or guarding is noted.
A transvaginal ultrasound confirms a 2.0 cm gestational sac in the right fallopian tube.
What is the next appropriate step in the management of this patient?
The patient was recently admitted to the hospital after a motor vehicle collision.
At that time he arrived at the emergency department unconscious, hypotensive, and tachycardic.
Abdominal CT revealed a hemoperitoneum due to a large splenic laceration; he was taken to the operating room for emergency splenectomy.
Since that time he has recovered well without complications.
Prior to the accident, he was up-to-date on all of his vaccinations.
There is a 5-cm curvilinear laceration over the patient's right buttock.
His vital signs are unremarkable.
The decision to repair the laceration is made.
She reports nausea and vomiting, and is unable to tolerate oral intake.
She appears uncomfortable.
Her temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 92/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 132/85 mm Hg.
Examination shows yellowish discoloration of her sclera.
Her abdomen is tender in the right upper quadrant.
There is no abdominal distention or organomegaly.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 13 g/dL
Leukocyte count 16,000/mm3
Serum
Urea nitrogen
25 mg/dL
Creatinine 2 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 432 U/L
Alanine aminotransferase 196 U/L
Aspartate transaminase 207 U/L
Bilirubin
Total 3.8 mg/dL
Direct 2.7 mg/dL
Lipase 82 U/L (N = 14–280)
Ultrasound of the right upper quadrant shows dilated intrahepatic and extrahepatic bile ducts and multiple hyperechoic spheres within the gallbladder.
The pancreas is not well visualized.
Intravenous fluid resuscitation and antibiotic therapy with ceftriaxone and metronidazole is begun.
Twelve hours later, the patient appears acutely ill and is not oriented to time.
Her temperature is 39.1°C (102.4°F), pulse is 105/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 112/82 mm Hg.
She says that her hands have been shaking a lot, especially when she feels stressed.
In addition, she has been sweating more than usual and has lost 8 kg (17.6 lb) in the last 2 months.
She has a past medical history of vitiligo.
Her vital signs are a heart rate of 98/min, a respiratory rate of 14/min, a temperature of 37.6°C (99.7°F), and a blood pressure of 115/75 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows a fine, bilateral hand tremor and a diffuse goiter.
His pulse is 122/min and blood pressure is 85/45 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows distended neck veins and tracheal displacement to the right side.
The left chest is hyperresonant to percussion and there are decreased breath sounds.
He was diagnosed with colon cancer 3 months ago.
He has hypothyroidism and hypertension.
His father died of colon cancer at the age of 68.
He does not smoke.
Prior to admission, his medications included levothyroxine, amlodipine, and carvedilol.
Since the surgery, he has also been receiving unfractionated heparin, morphine, and piperacillin-tazobactam.
He is 172 cm (5 ft 8 in) tall and weighs 101 kg (223 lb); BMI is 34.1 kg/m2.
He appears uncomfortable.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 128/92 mm Hg.
Examination shows multiple necrotic lesions over bilateral thighs.
The left calf is erythematous, tender, and swollen.
Dorsiflexion of the left foot elicits pain behind the knee.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
There is a healing midline incision and the colostomy is healthy and functioning.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He has allergic rhinitis treated with cetirizine.
He is at the 65th percentile for height and 80th percentile for weight.
Examination shows a mildly tender, firm, 2-cm subareolar mass in the right breast; there are no nipple or skin changes.
The left breast shows no abnormalities.
Sexual development is Tanner stage 3.
Review of systems is notable for a 12-pound unintentional weight loss and intermittent loose stools.
She has a family history notable for a father with CAD and a mother with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Upon further workup, she is found to have the following on colonoscopy and biopsy, Figures A and B respectively.
Serum perinuclear antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (P-ANCA) is positive.
He feels well but has had several episodes of “finger pallor” over the past 4 months.
During these episodes, the 4th finger of his left hand turns white.
The color usually returns within 20 minutes, followed by redness and warmth of the finger.
The episodes are not painful.
The complaints most commonly occur on his way to work, when it is very cold outside.
One time, it happened when he was rushing to the daycare center because he was late for picking up his daughter.
The patient has gastroesophageal reflux disease treated with lansoprazole.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
The blood flow to the hand is intact on compression of the ulnar artery at the wrist, as well as on compression of the radial artery.
When the patient is asked to immerse his hands in cold water, a change in the color of the 4th digit of his left hand is seen.
A photograph of the affected hand is shown.
His hemoglobin concentration is 14.2 g/dL, serum creatinine is 0.9 mg/dL, and ESR is 35 mm/h.
He has a history of recurrent infections, including multiple episodes of pneumonia that lasted several weeks and otitis media.
Laboratory measurements of serum immunoglobulins show increased IgE and IgA but decreased IgM.
She states that for the past 2 months she has had foul-smelling diarrhea and abdominal cramping.
She also reports increased bloating, flatulence, and an unintentional 4 lb weight loss.
Prior to 2 months ago, she had never felt these symptoms before.
She denies other extra-gastrointestinal symptoms.
The patient is an avid hiker and says her symptoms have caused her to miss recent camping trips.
The patient has tried to add more fiber to her diet without relief.
She feels her symptoms worsen with milk or cheese.
Her medical history is insignificant and she takes no medications.
She drinks whiskey socially, but denies smoking tobacco or using any illicit drugs.
She is sexually active with her boyfriend of 2 years.
She went to Mexico 6 months ago and her last multi-day backpacking trek was about 3 months ago in Vermont.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
A stool sample is negative for fecal occult blood.
Cardiovascular exam shows the point of maximal impulse to be in the mid-axillary line.
A transthoracic echocardiogram shows concentric left ventricular hypertrophy with a normal right ventricle.
He also says that he needs to urinate 4 to 5 times nightly and has difficulty initiating a urinary stream.
He has had several episodes of acute cystitis treated with ciprofloxacin during the past year.
Digital rectal examination shows a firm, symmetrically enlarged, non-tender prostate.
The patient’s mother reports that his concerning behavior started at a young age.
She says he is disrespectful to family members and to his teachers at school.
He also talks back to everyone.
Grounding him and limiting his freedom has not improved his behavior.
His grades have never been very good, and he is quite isolated at school.
After a further review of the patient’s medical history and a thorough physical exam, the physician confirms the diagnosis of oppositional defiant disorder.
She says that the fingers on both of her hands have become increasingly stiff and difficult to move over the past 8 months.
She also complains of nails that break easily and look spotty as well as chronic back pain.
She had a urinary tract infection a year ago that was treated with antibiotics.
She is sexually active with 2 male partners and uses condoms inconsistently.
Her vitals are within normal limits.
A photograph of her right hand is shown.
There are multiple, well-demarcated red plaques with silvery-white scales over the shins and back.
Serum studies show a negative rheumatoid factor and ANA.
On further questioning she describes a false sense of motion with occasional spinning sensation consistent with vertigo.
She denies any recent illnesses or hearing loss aside from presbycusis.
Her vital signs are normal.
During the physical exam the the patient reports an episode of vertigo after transitioning from sitting to supine and horizontal nystagmus is concurrently noted.
She has been taking acetaminophen for the fever.
Physical examination shows cervical lymphadenopathy, pharyngeal erythema, and a bright red tongue.
Examination of the skin shows a generalized erythematous rash with a rough surface that spares the area around the mouth.
She explains that she experiences difficulty swallowing solid foods only.
Her medical history is relevant for hypothyroidism and migraines.
Her current medications include daily levothyroxine and acetaminophen as needed for pain.
The vital signs include blood pressure 110/90 mm Hg, pulse rate 55/min, and respiratory rate 12/min.
On physical examination, her abdomen is non-tender.
Her voice is hoarse, but there is no pharyngeal hyperemia on oral examination.
On cardiac auscultation, an opening snap followed by an early to mid-diastolic rumble is heard over the apex.
A barium swallow X-ray is performed and is unremarkable.
Echocardiography shows an enlarged left atrium and abnormal blood flow through 1 of the atrioventricular valves.
Pb82 blocks the first step of heme synthesis.
However, the experiment is controlled such that the cells otherwise continue to develop into erythrocytes.
At the end of the experiment, the cells have developed into normal erythrocytes except that they are devoid of heme.
A second compound, anti-Pb82 is administered which removes the effect of Pb82.
The patient is known to have a past medical history of peptic ulcer disease and was previously admitted 4 years ago for the same reason.
He uses proton-pump inhibitors for his peptic ulcer.
Upon admission, the patient is placed on close monitoring, and after 8 hours, his hematocrit is unchanged.
The patient has also been hemodynamically stable after initial fluid resuscitation.
An upper endoscopy is performed.
Data is collected, and patients are classified into either the "high cholesterol" or "normal cholesterol" group and also into groups whether or not the patient experiences stable angina.
He recently lost his job.
He has a history of chronic alcoholism and has been drinking 14 beers daily for the past week.
Before this time, he drank 6 beers daily.
He appears lethargic.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Serum studies show a sodium level of 111 mEq/L and a potassium level of 3.7 mEq/L.
The patient states that he has lived at home with his parents his entire life but recently was able to get a job at a local factory.
Ever since the patient has started working, he has had trouble focusing at his job.
He is unable to stay focused on any task.
His boss often observes him "daydreaming" with a blank stare off into space.
His boss will have to yell at him to startle him back to work.
The patient states that he feels fatigued all the time and sometimes will suddenly fall asleep while operating equipment.
He has tried going to bed early for the past month but is unable to fall asleep until two hours prior to his alarm.
The patient fears that if this continues he will lose his job.
He has not had a runny nose or cough.
He had a similar problem 1 year ago for which he was prescribed amoxicillin, but after developing a skin rash and facial swelling he was switched to a different medication.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
He is at the 75th percentile for height and the 50th percentile for weight.
His temperature is 38.9°C (102°F), pulse is 136/min, and respirations are 28/min.
Examination of the oral cavity reveals a coated tongue, red uvula, and enlarged right tonsil covered by a whitish membrane.
The deep cervical lymph nodes are enlarged and tender.
A throat swab is taken for culture.
He has admitted to spending a great deal of time looking back down into the toilet bowl after he has had a bowel movement and even more time later thinking about all the ways his stool is abnormal.
A stool sample was collected and was reported to be grossly normal.
The patient understands the results and even agrees with the physician but is still bothered by his thoughts.
Two weeks later, he is still thinking about his stool and makes another appointment with a different physician.
She endorses occasional mild lower back pain but otherwise remains asymptomatic.
Her past medical history is significant for HIV for which she is treated with azidothymidine (AZT).
Her vital signs and physical exam are unremarkable.
Her current HIV viral titer level is 1,400 copies.
Four days ago, he tripped at home and landed on his knees.
He reports an episode of diarrhea 3 weeks ago that resolved after 4 days without treatment.
He has a history of hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, and was recently diagnosed with parathyroid disease.
He drinks 1–2 ounces of whiskey daily and occasionally more on weekends.
His brother has ankylosing spondylitis.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination of the right leg shows an abrasion below the patella.
There is swelling and tenderness of the right knee; range of motion is limited by pain.
Arthrocentesis of the right knee joint yields 15 mL of cloudy fluid with a leukocyte count of 26,300/mm3 (91% segmented neutrophils).
Microscopic examination of the synovial fluid under polarized light shows rhomboid-shaped, weakly positively birefringent crystals.
He feels well.
He has type 1 diabetes mellitus.
His only medication is insulin.
He immigrated from Nepal 2 weeks ago .
He lives in a shelter.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 5 years.
He has not received any routine childhood vaccinations.
The patient appears healthy and well nourished.
He is 172 cm (5 ft 8 in) tall and weighs 68 kg (150 lb); BMI is 23 kg/m2.
His temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 72/min, and blood pressure is 123/82 mm Hg.
Examination shows a healed scar over his right femur.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
A purified protein derivative (PPD) skin test is performed.
Three days later, an induration of 13 mm is noted.
The patient has had progressive cough, shortness of breath, fever, and chills for 6 days but did not seek medical attention for these symptoms.
He appears distressed, flushed, and diaphoretic.
He is 170 cm (5 ft 7 in) tall and weighs 120 kg (265 lbs); BMI is 41.5 kg/m2.
His temperature is 39.4°C (102.9°F), pulse is 129/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 91/50 mm Hg when supine.
Crackles and bronchial breath sounds are heard over the right posterior hemithorax.
A 2/6 midsystolic blowing murmur is heard along the left upper sternal border.
Examination shows diffuse diaphoresis, flushed extremities, and dullness to percussion over the right posterior hemithorax.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
Multiple nurses and physicians have been unable to attain intravenous access.
A large-bore central venous catheter is inserted into the right internal jugular vein by standard sterile procedure.
She is working to optimize the function of a drug class in order to reduce toxicity and increase potency for the target.
After synthesizing a variety of analogs for the drug class, she tests these new pharmacologic compounds against a panel of potential targets.
Assay results show that there is significant binding to a clustered group of proteins.
Upon examining these proteins, she finds that the proteins add a phosphate group to an aromatic amino acid sidechain.
However, a significant number of patients are lost to follow-up or fail to complete treatment according to the study arm to which they were assigned.
Despite this, the results for the patients who completed the course of Aclotsaban are encouraging.
Starting this morning, the patient has appeared sleepy, difficult to arouse, and slow to respond to questions.
Her temperature is 97.6°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 122/81 mmHg, pulse is 130/min, respirations are 22/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
She repeatedly falls asleep and is combative during the exam.
Laboratory values are notable for a potassium of 3.0 mEq/L.
The patient is given normal saline with potassium.
One week ago, he experienced sudden pain in his right forearm during weight training.
He has no history of serious illness.
Physical examination shows impaired flexion of the proximal interphalangeal joints, while flexion of the distal interphalangeal joints is intact.
He was found intoxicated and passed out in a library.
The patient has a past medical history of IV drug abuse, diabetes, alcohol abuse, and malnutrition.
The patient has been hospitalized previously for multiple episodes of pancreatitis and sepsis.
Currently, the patient is minimally responsive and only withdraws his extremities in response to painful stimuli.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 90/48 mmHg, pulse is 150/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 95% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for tachycardia, a diastolic murmur at the left lower sternal border, and bilateral crackles on pulmonary exam.
The patient is started on IV fluids, vancomycin, and piperacillin-tazobactam.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
Hemoglobin: 9 g/dL
Hematocrit: 30%
Leukocyte count: 11,500/mm^3 with normal differential
Platelet count: 297,000/mm^3

Serum:
Na+: 139 mEq/L
Cl-: 100 mEq/L
K+: 4.0 mEq/L
HCO3-: 28 mEq/L
BUN: 33 mg/dL
Glucose: 60 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.7 mg/dL
Ca2+: 9.7 mg/dL
PT: 20 seconds
aPTT: 60 seconds
AST: 1,010 U/L
ALT: 950 U/L

The patient is admitted to the medical floor.
Five days later, the patient's neurological status has improved.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 130/90 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 11/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Laboratory values are repeated as seen below.
On a 10-point scale, he rates the pain as a 8 to 9.
The abdominal pain is worst in the right upper quadrant.
He has atrial fibrillation and hyperlipidemia.
His temperature is 38.7° C (101.7°F), pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 146/86 mm Hg.
The patient appears acutely ill.
Physical examination shows a distended abdomen and tenderness to palpation in all quadrants with guarding, but no rebound.
Murphy's sign is positive.
Right upper quadrant ultrasound shows thickening of the gallbladder wall, sludging in the gallbladder, and pericolic fat stranding.
He is admitted for acute cholecystitis and grants permission for cholecystectomy.
His wife is his healthcare power of attorney (POA), but she is out of town on a business trip.
He is accompanied today by his brother.
After induction and anesthesia, the surgeon removes the gallbladder but also finds a portion of the small intestine is necrotic due to a large thromboembolism occluding a branch of the superior mesenteric artery.
The treatment is additional surgery with small bowel resection and thromboendarterectomy.
She does not take any medications.
Her father died of colon cancer at the age of 42 years.
A curettage sample shows dysplastic tall, columnar, cells in the endometrium without intervening stroma.
Germline sequencing shows a mutation in the MLH1 gene.
The patient also complains of experiencing an irregular menstrual cycle, weight loss, bloating, and constipation.
She has had 3 uncomplicated pregnancies, all of which ended with normal vaginal deliveries at term.
She has never taken oral contraception, and she does not take any medication at the time of presentation.
She has no family history of any gynecological malignancy; however, her grandfather and mother had colon cancer that was diagnosed before they turned 50.
On physical examination, the patient appears pale.
Gynecological examination reveals a bloody cervical discharge and slight uterine enlargement.
Endometrial biopsy reveals endometrial adenocarcinoma.
Colonoscopy reveals several polyps located in the ascending colon, which are shown to be adenocarcinomas on histological evaluation.
She reports that even standing up and walking around takes “a lot of energy.” She was forced to call in sick today to her work as a kindergarten teacher.
She denies any previous episodes but does endorse symmetric joint pain of her hands, wrists, knees, and ankles that was worse in the morning over the past week that self-resolved.
She also reports a runny nose and congestion.
Past medical history is unremarkable.
Physical examination demonstrates splenomegaly, pallor, and generalized weakness; there is no lymphadenopathy.
The cell shown in the image is of particular interest and is marked with a high concern for malignant potential.
His teacher has reported that he has been having trouble focussing on tasks and has been acting out while in class.
His family history is unknown as he was adopted 2 years ago.
His temperature is 36.2°C (97.2°F), pulse is 80/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure 110/70 mm Hg.
Visual inspection of the boy’s face shows a low set nasal bridge, a smooth philtrum, and small lower jaw.
She reports that a long time ago her gynecologist told her that she had “some cysts in her ovaries but not to worry about it.” The pain started last night and has progressively gotten worse.
Nothing seems to make it better or worse.
She denies headache, dizziness, chest pain, dyspnea, diarrhea, or constipation; she endorses nausea, dysuria for the past 3 days, and chills.
Her temperature is 100.7°F (38.2°C), blood pressure is 132/94 mmHg, pulse is 104/min, and respirations are 14/min.
Physical examination is significant for right lower quadrant and flank pain with voluntary guarding.
In the clinic, his blood pressure is 161/88 mm Hg with a pulse of 88/min.
He has had similar blood pressure measurements in the past, and you initiate captopril.
He presents back shortly after initiation with extremely swollen lips, tongue, and face.
He has had type 2 diabetes mellitus for 25 years and hypertension for 15 years.
He is taking metformin and captopril for his diabetes and hypertension.
He has smoked 10 cigarettes per day for the past 12 years and drinks alcohol occasionally.
His temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F) and blood pressure is 130/60 mm Hg.
On physical examination, his arterial pulse shows a rapid rise and a quick collapse.
An early diastolic murmur is audible over the left upper sternal border.
Echocardiography shows severe chronic aortic regurgitation with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 55%–60% and mild left ventricular hypertrophy.
She says that symptoms onset after attending a wine tasting at the local brewery.
She says that her headache is mostly at the back of her head and that she has been nauseous and vomited twice.
Past medical history is significant for depression diagnosed 20 years ago but now well-controlled with medication.
She also has significant vitamin D deficiency.
Current medications are phenelzine and a vitamin D supplement.
The patient denies any smoking history, alcohol or recreational drug use.
On physical examination, the patient is diaphoretic.
Her pupils are dilated.
He is recovering on the surgical floor on day 3.
His temperature is 97.6°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 122/81 mmHg, pulse is 84/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
The patient is complaining of perioral numbness currently.
She says her sleepiness is due to getting up to urinate several times each night.
She noticed increased thirst about a month ago and now drinks up to 20 cups of water daily.
She does not feel a sudden urge prior to urinating and has not had dysuria.
She has a history of multiple urinary tract infections and head trauma following a suicide attempt 3 months ago.
She has bipolar I disorder and hypertension.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 25 years.
Examination shows poor skin turgor.
Mucous membranes are dry.
Expiratory wheezes are heard over both lung fields.
There is no suprapubic tenderness.
She describes her mood as “good” and her affect is appropriate.
Neurologic examination shows tremor in both hands.
Laboratory studies show a serum sodium of 151 mEq/L and an elevated antidiuretic hormone.
Urine osmolality is 124 mOsm/kg H2O.
The episodes usually start after physical activity and subside within minutes of resting.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years.
He is 176 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 95 kg (209 lb); BMI is 30 kg/m2.
His blood pressure is 160/100 mm Hg.
Coronary angiography shows an atherosclerotic lesion with stenosis of the left anterior descending artery.
Compared to normal healthy coronary arteries, increased levels of platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) are found in this lesion.
Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type 2, diagnosed 30 years ago, managed with metformin and sitagliptin daily.
He is an office clerk and will be retiring next year.
On physical examination, his toenails are shown in the image.
He has also had right hip pain during this period.
The pain is aggravated when he runs.
He had a runny nose and fever around a month ago that resolved with over-the-counter medications.
He has no history of serious illness.
His development is adequate for his age.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
He appears healthy.
He is at the 60th percentile for height and at 65th percentile for weight.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows an antalgic gait.
The right groin is tender to palpation.
Internal rotation and abduction of the right hip is limited by pain.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormailities.
His hemoglobin concentration is 11.6 g/dL, leukocyte count is 8,900/mm3, and platelet count is 130,000/mm3.
An x-ray of the pelvis is shown.
She delivered her first child spontaneously at 38 weeks' gestation; pregnancy was complicated by oligohydramnios.
She has no other history of serious illness.
Her blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg.
On pelvic examination, uterine size is found to be smaller than expected for dates.
The fetus is in a longitudinal lie, with vertex presentation.
The fetal heart rate is 144/min.
Ultrasonography shows an estimated fetal weight below the 10th percentile, and decreased amniotic fluid volume.
Her medical history is unclear as she has recently arrived from Sub-Saharan Africa.
You tell her that unfortunately she will not be able to breastfeed until further testing is performed.
He was recently diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma and started on a chemotherapeutic regimen that included bleomycin, doxorubicin, cyclophosphamide, vincristine, and prednisone.
He denies fever, recent viral illness, or vaccination.
On neurological examination, he has bilateral ptosis.
His bilateral pupils are 5 mm in diameter and poorly responsive to light and accommodation.
He has a bilateral facial weakness and his gag reflex is reduced.
Motor examination using the Medical Research Council scale reveals a muscle strength of 4/5 in the proximal muscles of upper extremities bilaterally and 2/5 in distal muscles.
In his lower extremities, hip muscles are mildly weak bilaterally, and he has bilateral foot drop.
Deep tendon reflexes are absent.
Sensory examination reveals a stocking-pattern loss to all sensory modalities in the lower extremities up to the middle of his shins.
A brain MRI is normal.
Lumbar puncture is unremarkable.
She has hypertension controlled with metoprolol but has no other past medical history.
Based on this clinical history she is treated with intravitreal injections of a medication.
He is especially troubled because his father and grandfather "went completely bald by the age of 25," and he is willing to try anything to prevent his hair loss.
The family physician prescribes a medication that prevents the conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone.
She first noticed this pain when she awoke from bed one morning and describes it as deep at the bottom of her heel.
The pain improved as she walked around her apartment but worsened as she attended ballet practice.
The patient is a professional ballerina and frequently rehearses for up to 10 hours a day, and she is worried that this heel pain will prevent her from appearing in a new ballet next week.
She has no past medical history and has a family history of sarcoidosis in her mother and type II diabetes in her father.
She drinks two glasses of wine a week and smokes several cigarettes a day but denies illicit drug use.
At this visit, the patient’s temperature is 98.6°F (37.0°C), blood pressure is 117/68 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, and respirations are 13/min.
Examination of the right foot shows no overlying skin changes or swelling, but when the foot is dorsiflexed, there is marked tenderness to palpation of the bottom of the heel.
The remainder of her exam is unremarkable.
He says he had recently been training for a triathlon competition when, over the past week, he noticed that he was getting more tired than usual.
He figured that it was due to his age since most of the people training with him were in their 20s.
However, after completing a particularly difficult workout over this last weekend he noticed left-sided chest pain that did not radiate, and abdominal pain, worse on the right side.
The pain persisted after he stopped exercising.
This morning he noticed red urine.
The patient reports similar past episodes of red urine after intense exercise or excessive alcohol intake for the past 5 years, but says it has never been accompanied by pain.
Past medical history is significant for a urinary tract infection last week, treated with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
Physical examination is significant for a systolic flow murmur loudest at the right upper sternal border and right upper quadrant tenderness without guarding or rebound.
Laboratory findings are significant for the following:
Hemoglobin 8.5 g/dL
Platelets 133,000/µL
Total bilirubin 6.8 mg/dL
LDH 740 U/L
Haptoglobin 25 mg/dL
An abdominal MRI with contrast is performed which reveals hepatic vein thrombosis.
Examination shows a 6-mm, blue-red papule under the left thumbnail.
The overlying area is extremely tender to palpation.
The thumbnail is slightly pitted and cracked.
He states that he typically can converse with animals via telepathy, but is having trouble right now due to the weather.
He has begun taking an assortment of Peruvian herbs to little avail.
Otherwise he is not currently taking any medications.
The patient lives alone and works in a health food store.
He states that his symptoms have persisted for the past eight months.
On physical exam, you note a healthy young man who is dressed in an all burlap ensemble.
When you are obtaining the patient's medical history there are several times he is attempting to telepathically connect with the animals in the vicinity.
She additionally states that the boy has been getting over a stomach flu and has not been able to keep down any food.
The boy does not have a history of neonatal jaundice.
On exam, the patient appears slightly sluggish and jaundiced with icteric sclera.
His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 88/56 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 22/min.
His labs demonstrate an unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia of 16 mg/dL.
It is determined that the best course of treatment for this patient is phenobarbital to increase liver enzyme synthesis.
She says that her current symptoms acutely onset 8 hours ago after eating a large meal and have not improved.
She describes the pain as severe, sharp and cramping in character, and localized to the right upper quadrant.
She also describes feeling nauseous.
The patient says she has had similar less severe episodes intermittently for the past 2 years, usually precipitated by the intake of fatty foods.
She denies any history of fever or jaundice.
Vital signs are stable.
Physical examination is unremarkable, and laboratory findings show normal liver function tests and normal serum bilirubin and serum amylase levels.
Ultrasonography of the abdomen reveals multiple stones in the gallbladder.
The patient is managed symptomatically for this episode, and after a few months, undergoes elective cholecystectomy, which reveals multiple stones in her gallbladder as shown in the figure (see image).
On presentation he is obtunded with multiple ecchymoses on his chest and abdomen.
There is marked distortion of his left lower extremity.
His blood pressure is 90/64 mmHg, pulse is 130/min, and respirations are 24/min.
Physical exam is limited by the patient’s mental state.
The patient appears to be in pain while breathing and has tenderness to palpation of the abdomen.
Neck veins are distended.
Auscultation of the lungs reveals absent breath sounds on the left and hyperresonance to percussion.
An emergent procedure is done and the patient improves.
She has no known past medical history and generally refuses to see a physician for health issues.
Review of systems is notable for chronic, severe gastroesophageal reflux disease and chronic diarrhea.
Her temperature is 98.3°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 177/105 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 97% on room air.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
Hemoglobin: 10 g/dL
Hematocrit: 30%
Leukocyte count: 4,500/mm^3 with normal differential
Platelet count: 192,400/mm^3

Serum:
Na+: 139 mEq/L
Cl-: 101 mEq/L
K+: 6.3 mEq/L
BUN: 65 mg/dL
Glucose: 99 mg/dL
Creatinine: 3.1 mg/dL

Notably, the patient requires nursing to help her with most tasks such as putting on her gown and manipulating a cup of water given poor mobility of her hands.
She also has recurrent episodes of severe hand pain, which self resolve.
The patient is given calcium, insulin, and dextrose and started on dialysis.
She has had no prenatal care and is unsure of the gestational age.
Labor progresses rapidly and spontaneous vaginal delivery of a baby boy occurs 3 hours after presentation.
On initial exam, the child is 1.9 kg (4.2 lb) with a small head and jaw.
A sac-like structure containing intestine, as can be seen in the picture, protrudes from the abdominal wall.
The patient is homeless and has a past medical history of alcohol and IV drug abuse.
His temperature is 102°F (38.9°C), blood pressure is 107/68 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a tremulous patient with antecubital scars and a murmur over the left lower sternal border.
Blood cultures are drawn and the patient is started on vancomycin and ceftriaxone and is admitted to the ICU.
The patient's fever and symptoms do not improve despite antibiotic therapy for which the initial identified organism is susceptible.
Cultures currently reveal MRSA as one of the infective organisms.
He reports that the cough started 1 year ago after a “bad cold” and then never resolved.
He feels the cough is getting worse, sometimes the cough is dry, but often the cough will bring up a clear to white mucus, especially in the morning.
The patient has hypertension and peripheral artery disease.
He takes aspirin and lisinopril.
He started smoking at age 16, and now smokes 2 packs of cigarettes a day.
He has 1-2 beers a couple nights of the week with dinner.
He denies illicit drug use.
She states that she first noticed her symptoms while in the bathtub at home.
She has never had symptoms like this before.
However, over the previous several months she has had episodes of severe joint swelling and pain in her hands as well as redness, burning pain, and swelling of her hands and feet.
Her past medical history is significant for type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and osteoporosis for which she takes metformin, enalapril, and alendronate, respectively.
In addition, she was found to have a deep vein thrombosis of her left leg three months prior to presentation.
The patient’s temperature is 98.6°F (37.0°C), pulse is 80/min, blood pressure is 135/85 mmHg, and respirations are 13/min.
Physical exam is notable for a woman in discomfort with excoriations over the skin on her forearms.
The patient’s laboratory tests are shown below.
Pelvic examination shows blood and clots in the posterior fornix and normal-appearing internal and external genitalia.
An endometrial biopsy specimen shows straight uniform tubular glands lined with tall pseudostratified columnar epithelial cells with high mitotic activity embedded in an edematous stroma.
Past medical history is significant for varicella pneumonia and disseminated cytomegalovirus infection during the 1st year of her life.
She was delivered vaginally to a primigravid 22-year-old woman from an uncomplicated pregnancy and was breastfed up to 9 months of age.
She is up to date with her vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
The vital signs include blood pressure 70/45 mm Hg, heart rate 110/min, respiratory rate 27/min, and temperature 38.0°C (100.4°F).
Physical examination demonstrates a generalized papulovesicular rash without a tendency to fuse.
The rest of the physical examination is unremarkable for any pathological findings.
Disseminated herpes virus infection is suspected.
The child is also assessed for primary immunodeficiency.
Flow cytometry reveals the absence of CD56 positive cells.
The condition began approximately 5 days ago with a rise in body temperature up to 38.7°C (101.7℉), headache, myalgias, and runny nose.
Three days after the onset, the patient started to develop a non-productive cough and later, dyspnea.
His vital signs are as follows: blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg, heart rate is 91/min, respiratory rate is 29/min, and temperature is 38.1℃ (100.6℉).
On examination, his oxygen saturation is 88%.
The patient has a mild pharyngeal erythema and cervical lymphadenopathy.
Lung auscultation shows no remarkable findings.
Chest radiograph shows patchy reticular opacities best visualized in the perihilar region.
A sputum culture is positive for Mycoplasma pneumoniae.
They were initially pink marks that progressed into blisters before ulcerating.
He has also had a headache for 1 week.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F).
A photograph of one of the lesions is shown.
There is pronounced edema of the surrounding skin and painless swelling of the left axillary lymph nodes.
She is concerned that she feels tired most days and has difficulty doing her household chores.
She complains that she gets fatigued and breathless with mild exertion.
Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease from prolonged elevated blood sugar, and primary biliary cirrhosis.
Medications include lisinopril, insulin, and metformin.
Family medicine is noncontributory.
She drinks one beer every day.
Today, she has a heart rate of 98/min, respiratory rate of 17/min, blood pressure of 110/65 mm Hg, and a temperature of 37.0°C (98.6°F).
General examination shows that she is pale and haggard looking.
She has a heartbeat with a regular rate and rhythm and her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
A complete blood count (CBC) is as follows:
Leukocyte count: 12,000/mm3
Red blood cell count: 3.1 million/mm3
Hemoglobin: 11.0 g/dL
MCV: 85 um3
MCH: 27 pg/cell
Platelet count: 450,000/mm3
Fecal occult blood test is negative.
She has no complaints and the pregnancy has been uncomplicated thus far.
The previous pregnancy was complicated by pre-eclampsia and she delivered a small-for-gestational-age girl at 36 weeks gestation.
The pre-pregnancy weight was 73 kg (161 lb), and she now weighs 78 kg (172 lb).
Her height is 155 cm.
The blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg, the heart rate is 91/min, the respiratory rate is 14/min, and the temperature is 36.7℃ (98℉).
Her physical examination is normal and the gynecologic examination corresponds to 25 weeks gestation.
An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with a 75-g glucose load was abnormal with a 1-h glucose level of 189 mg/dL.
She also has pain, weakness, and stiffness of her shoulders and hips.
The stiffness is worse in the morning and usually improves after 60–90 minutes of activity.
Three months ago, she fell and hit her head on the kitchen countertop.
Her temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F).
Examination shows normal muscle strength in bilateral upper and lower extremities; range of motion of the shoulder and hip is mildly limited by pain.
Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally.
Her erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 68 mm/h and serum creatine kinase is 36 mg/dL.
These shaking episodes have occurred about six times over the last hour and have lasted for about 40 seconds.
He has also had rapid breathing and poor feeding.
He has not had fever or trauma.
He was born at 37 weeks' gestation.
Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated.
There is no family history of serious illness.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 230/min, and respirations are 70/min.
He appears irritable and jittery.
There are intermittent spasms present.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show a serum calcium concentration of 6 mg/dL and a serum parathyroid hormone concentration of 150 pg/mL.
He says that he first noticed the nodule last week.
It has not undergone any change in size and color.
He denies any history of trauma or fever.
Past medical history is significant for HIV, diagnosed 6 years ago.
He is currently not on antiretroviral therapy.
His last CD4+ T cell count was 0.19 x 109/L.
He is afebrile, and his vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, there is a 3 cm x 4 cm nodule on the right foot, tan brown in color, non-tender, and covered with a fine scale.
A biopsy of the nodule is performed and histopathological analysis reveals the proliferation of blood vessels with overgrown endothelial cells.
Histological staining of the biopsy tissue reveals gram-negative bacilli.
His pulse is 94/min and blood pressure is 118/85 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows dry mucous membranes.
Laboratory studies show:
Serum
Na+ 130 mEq/L
K+ 2.8 mEq/L
Cl- 92 mEq/L
Mg2+ 1.1 mEq/L
Ca2+ 10.6 mg/dL
Albumin 5.2 g/dL
Urine
Ca2+ 70 mg/24 h
Cl- 375 mEq/24h (N = 110–250)
Arterial blood gas analysis on room air shows a pH of 7.55 and an HCO3- concentration of 45 mEq/L.
His shortness of breath is mostly at night, and he is also concerned about bilateral leg swelling.
He is a heart failure patient who is being managed with oral medication and has been compliant with his drugs.
Physical examination reveals an elderly man in respiratory distress with abdominal distention and bilateral pitting ankle edema.
Respiratory rate is 32/min, SpO2 is 93% in room air, and coarse crepitations are heard on both lung bases.
Pulse rate is 73/min and barely palpable.
His blood pressure is 79/54 mm Hg.
On auscultation, a blowing holosystolic murmur is heard at the apex radiating to the left axilla.
An echocardiography shows an ejection fraction of 18%.
The physician decides to include an inotropic agent in his current medication.
Patients with known chart diagnoses of Alzheimer dementia were evaluated by multiple physicians during a fixed time interval.
Each evaluator was blinded to the others' assessments.
Patient says she had menarche at the age of 11, established a regular cycle at 13, and had regular menses until the age of 16.
Patient is sexually active with a single partner, and they use barrier contraception.
They currently do not plan to get pregnant.
There is no significant past medical history and she takes no current medications.
Vitals are temperature 37.0℃ (98.6℉), blood pressure 125/85 mm Hg, pulse 69/min, respiratory rate 14/min, and oxygen saturation 99% on room air.
Physical examination is significant for multiple comedones on her face.
She also has hair on her upper lip, between her breasts, along with the abdominal midline, and on her forearms.
There is hyperpigmentation of the axillary folds and near the nape of the neck.
The pain started yesterday and has been progressively getting worse to the point that it is difficult to walk.
He describes his right big toe as being swollen and hot to the touch.
He has never had symptoms like this before.
He drinks 3 beers per night.
Medical history is otherwise significant for chronic kidney disease.
Physical examination is notable for an overweight gentleman in moderate pain, with an erythematous, swollen and tender right toe.
He is afebrile.
He reports that the pain improves with oral intake and is concentrated at the epigastric area.
The pain is described as gnawing in quality and improves when he takes his wife’s ranitidine.
He denies weight changes, fever, chest pain, or recent travel but endorses “brain fog” and decreased libido.
An upper endoscopy reveals ulcerations at the duodenum and jejunum.
Physical examination demonstrates bilateral hemianopsia, gynecomastia, and diffuse pain upon palpation at the epigastric area.
The newborn was delivered at home 10 hours ago.
The mother has had no prenatal care.
The newborn's temperature is 39.7°C (103.5°F).
Physical examination shows scleral icterus.
Her leukocyte count is 36,000/mm3 (85% segmented neutrophils).
An organism is isolated from the blood.
When grown together on sheep agar, the isolated organism enlarges the area of clear hemolysis formed by Staphylococcus aureus.
His medical history is unknown.
On physical examination he does not demonstrate any spontaneous movement of his extremities and is unable to respond to voice or painful stimuli.
You notice that he is able blink and move his eyes in the vertical plane.
He is otherwise healthy and has no additional complaints.
Past medical history is significant for major depressive disorder, anxiety, and hypothyroidism.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
His vital signs include temperature 36.7°C (98.0°F), blood pressure 126/74 mm Hg, heart rate 74/min, and respiratory rate 14/min.
She is at 37 weeks gestation with no primary care provider or prenatal care.
She gives birth to a boy after an uncomplicated vaginal delivery with APGAR scores of 7 at 1 minute and 8 at 5 minutes.
His weight is 2.2 kg (4.4 lb) and the length is 48 cm (1.6 ft).
The infant has weak extremities and poor reflexes.
The physical examination reveals microcephaly, palpebral fissures, thin lips, and a smooth philtrum.
A systolic murmur is heard on auscultation.
His family emigrated from Nigeria 2 months ago.
Examination shows an erythematous rash with fine yellow scales on his eyebrows and nasolabial folds.
Oral examination shows an erythematous throat and swollen tongue.
There is peeling and fissures of the skin at the corners of the mouth and cracking of the lips.
His hemoglobin concentration is 9.6 g/dL; mean corpuscular volume is 89 μm3.
Erythrocyte glutathione reductase assay shows an increased activity coefficient.
On exam, you note that she is short and has a shield chest.
You order abdominal imaging, which suggests the presence of streak gonads.
Of the choices listed below, which of the following karyotypes is possible in this patient?
He recently immigrated to the US from Africa.
The lesions are painless and the physicians in his country treated him for syphilis and eczema, with no improvement.
He lives with his 4th wife.
He smokes 2 packs of cigarette per day and has been doing so for the last 30 years.
He is not aware of any family members with malignancies or hereditary diseases.
The physical examination is remarkable for an erythematous plaque, with areas of crusting, oozing, and irregular borders on the dorsal surface of the penile shaft and a similar lesion on his left middle finger (shown in the picture).
The regional lymph nodes are not affected.
A biopsy is obtained and the pathologic evaluation reveals cells with nuclear hyperchromasia, multinucleation, and increased mitotic figures within the follicle-bearing epithelium.
Four days later, the patient reports increased generalized abdominal pain.
His vital signs are as follows: T 38.5, HR 110, BP 110/60, RR 18, SpO2 96%.
Physical exam reveals extreme tenderness to palpation of the abdomen as well as rebound tenderness, worse in the bilateral lower quadrants.
The abdomen is mildly distended with guarding and decreased bowel sounds.
The surgical and bullet-entrance wounds appear intact without any evidence of leakage/drainage, erythema, or warmth.
Initial lab-work shows an elevated white blood cell count of 17.1 x 10^9 cells/L.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows a 4 cm abscess in the left lower quadrant.
According to the boy's teacher, he has become progressively more disruptive during class.
When asked to help clean up or read out-loud, he replies with "You're not the boss of me."
or "You can't make me."
He refuses to participate in gym class, but will play the same games during recess.
He gets along with and is well-liked by his peers.
His mother reports that her son can "sometimes be difficult," but he is helpful around the house and is very good playing with his 7-year-old sister.
He has no major concerns and says that he has been healthy for the last year.
His past medical history is significant for diabetes as well as long standing hypertension that has developed gradually since his 30's; however, he has refused to take any medications.
Physical exam shows no abnormal findings.
Routine laboratory testing reveals the following:

Serum creatinine concentration: 1.5 mg/dL
Blood urea nitrogen: 31 mg/dL

Based on these results, urine studies are conducted that reveal mild proteinuria of less than 1 g/day and no casts.
She has a history of antiphospholipid syndrome.
Physical examination shows jugular venous distention.
Right heart catheterization shows a mean pulmonary arterial pressure of 30 mm Hg and a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 10 mm Hg.
A week after being admitted, he developed a fever and become lethargic and minimally responsive to stimuli.
A lumbar puncture is performed that reveals the following:
Appearance  Cloudy
Protein 64 mg/dL
Glucose 22 mg/dL
Pressure 330 mm H20
Cells 295 cells/mm³ (> 90% PMN)
A specimen is sent to microbiology and reveals gram-negative rods.
She has previously tried topical tretinoin as well as topical and oral antibiotics with no improvement.
She recently moved to the area for college and says the acne has caused significant emotional distress when it comes to making new friends.
She has no significant past medical or surgical history.
Family and social history are also noncontributory.
The patient’s blood pressure is 118/77 mm Hg, the pulse is 76/min, the respiratory rate is 17/min, and the temperature is 36.6°C (97.9°F).
Physical examination reveals erythematous skin lesions including both open and closed comedones with inflammatory lesions overlying her face, neck, and upper back.
The patient asks about oral isotretinoin.
He feels well.
His pulse is 80/min and blood pressure is 140/85 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination shows a holosystolic murmur in the 4th intercostal space along the left sternal border that gets louder during inspiration.
The patient’s mother states that the cough started a week ago and has not improved.
She says the patient will have fits of forceful coughing that will last for minutes, followed by gasping as he catches his breath.
Occasionally, the patient will vomit after one of these episodes.
Past medical history is significant for a recent upper respiratory infection 4 weeks ago that has resolved.
No current medications.
Patient immunization status is incomplete because his mother believes they are harmful.
Vitals are temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 105/65 mm Hg, pulse 101/min, respiratory rate 27/min, and oxygen saturation 99% on room air.
Cardiac exam is normal.
Lungs are clear to auscultation.
There are conjunctival hemorrhages present bilaterally.
She has had no prenatal care.
There is no leakage of amniotic fluid.
Since arrival, she has had 5 contractions in 10 minutes, each lasting 70 to 90 seconds.
Pelvic examination shows a closed cervix and a uterus consistent in size with a 38-week gestation.
Ultrasound shows a single live intrauterine fetus in a breech presentation consistent with a gestational age of approximately 37 weeks.
The amniotic fluid index is 26 and the fetal heart rate is 92/min.
The placenta is not detached.
She is scheduled for an emergency lower segment transverse cesarean section because of a nonreassuring fetal heart rate.
The infant is delivered and APGAR score is noted to be 8 at 1 minute.
The doctor soon notices cyanosis of the lips and oral mucosa, which does not resolve when the infant cries.
The infant is foaming at the mouth and drooling.
He also has an intractable cough.
For the last year she has had shortness of breath and subjective wheezing with exercise and intermittent coughing at night.
She reports waking up from sleep coughing 1-2 times per month.
She now skips gym class because of her symptoms.
She denies any coughing, chest tightness, or shortness of breath on the day of her visit.
On exam, her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally, with normal inspiratory to expiratory duration ratio.
Her pulmonary function tests (PFTs) show normal FEV1 and FVC based on her age, gender, and height.
She is told to inhale a medication, and her PFTs are repeated, now showing a FEV1 79% of her previous reading.
The patient is diagnosed with asthma.
Analgesic therapy with an opioid drug is begun.
Shortly after, the patient develops chills, diaphoresis, nausea, and abdominal pain.
He has no chest pain, dysphagia, weight loss, or fever.
He has no history of any serious illnesses.
He takes omeprazole daily.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Body mass index (BMI) is 34 kg/m2.
Physical exam shows no abnormalities.
An endoscopic image of the lower esophageal sphincter is shown.
The patient has a history of bipolar disease complicated by polysubstance use.
He was found down in his apartment at the bottom of a staircase lying on his left arm.
He was last seen several hours earlier by his roommate.
He is disoriented and unable to answer any questions, but is breathing on his own.
His vitals are HR 55, T 96.5, RR 18, BP 110/75.
You decide to obtain an EKG as shown in Figure 1.
She had an upper respiratory tract infection a week ago after which she has had nasal congestion, recurrent headaches, and a purulent nasal discharge.
She took antibiotics for her respiratory tract infection but did not complete the course.
She has asthma treated with theophylline and inhaled β-adrenergic agonists and corticosteroids.
She appears to be in severe distress.
Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse is 100/min, and blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg.
Ophthalmic examination of the right eye shows proptosis and diffuse edema, erythema, and tenderness of the eyelids.
Right eye movements are restricted and painful in all directions.
The pupils are equal and reactive to light.
There is tenderness to palpation over the right cheek and purulent nasal discharge in the right nasal cavity.
The left eye shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 12,000/mm3.
A previously obtained chest x-ray is shown below.
The pain radiates to her back, occurs randomly throughout the day, and is associated with nausea and vomiting.
Each episode lasts 30 minutes to one hour.
Antacids do not improve her symptoms.
She has hypertension and fibromyalgia.
She has smoked 1–2 packs of cigarettes daily for the past 10 years and drinks 4 cans of beer every week.
She takes lisinopril and pregabalin.
She appears uncomfortable.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6° F), pulse is 84/min, respirations are 14/min, and blood pressure is 127/85 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows tenderness to palpation in the upper quadrants without rebound or guarding.
Bowel sounds are normal.
The incisions are clean, dry, and intact.
Serum studies show:
AST 80 U/L
ALT 95 U/L
Alkaline phosphatase 213 U/L
Bilirubin, total 1.3 mg/dL
Direct 0.7 mg/dL
Amylase 52 U/L
Abdominal ultrasonography shows dilation of the common bile duct and no gallstones.
She states that it has happened several times in the past week approximately 30 minutes after eating and spontaneously resolves.
A day before, the patient went to urgent care with the same complaint, but the abdominal X-ray was normal.
Surgical history is remarkable for a total knee arthroplasty procedure 6 months ago.
She has lost 34 kg (75 lb) since the operation because of lifestyle changes.
The vital signs are normal.
Laparoscopic surgical scars are well healed.
Endoscopy shows benign mucosa to the proximal duodenum.
A barium swallow study reveals an extremely narrowed duodenum.
Upon further questioning, he also notes that he has been having a tingling and burning sensation rising up from his feet to his knees bilaterally.
The patient states he is having difficulty urinating and having bowel movements over the last several days.
His temperature is 97.4°F (36.3°C), blood pressure is 122/80 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for weak leg flexion bilaterally along with decreased anal sphincter tone.
He recalls having a similar looking ulcer on the side of his penis when he was 19 years old for which he never sought treatment.
The patient denies any fever, chills, or constitutional symptoms.
He reports multiple sexual partners and a very promiscuous sexual history.
He has also traveled extensively as a writer since he was 19.
The patient is afebrile, and his vital signs are within normal limits.
A rapid plasma reagin (RPR) test is positive, and the result of a Treponema pallidum particle agglutination (TP-PA) is pending.
The patient says he has to urinate quite frequently but denies any dysuria or pain on urination.
Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type 2 and hypertension, both managed medically, as well as a chronic mild cough for the past several years.
Current medications are metformin, aspirin, rosuvastatin, captopril, and furosemide.
His vital signs are an irregular pulse of 74/min, a respiratory rate of 14/min, a blood pressure of 130/80 mm Hg, and a temperature of 36.7°C (98.0°F).
His BMI is 32 kg/m2.
On physical examination, there are visible jugular pulsations present in the neck bilaterally.
She reports that it has been getting increasingly difficult to pass stool to the point that she would go for 2-3 days without going to the bathroom.
Prior to this, she passed stool every day without difficulty.
She denies weight changes, headaches, chest pain, or abdominal pain but endorses fatigue.
Her past medical history is significant for 2 episodes of kidney stones within the past 3 months.
A physical examination is unremarkable.
He describes blood mixed in with the stool, which is associated with a change in his normal bowel habit such that he is going more frequently than normal.
He also has some crampy left-sided abdominal pain and weight loss.
His symptoms started 2 months ago, but he thought they are due to lack of dietary fiber intake and excess consumption of red meat.
He has had type 2 diabetes mellitus for 35 years for which he takes metformin.
He also uses daily low-dose aspirin for cardioprotection and occasional naproxen for knee pain.
His family history is irrelevant.
On examination, his abdomen and digital rectal examination are normal.
Colonoscopy shows an ulcerating mucosal lesion with a narrow bowel lumen and biopsy shows a moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Upon presentation, the patient is found to be severely dehydrated.
The patient's mother says that he has been having non-bloody diarrhea for a day.
She also says that the patient has not received any vaccinations after 6 months and currently attends a daycare center.
The responsible microbe is isolated and its structure is analyzed.
He could sit upright by 14 months and has not been able to walk without support.
He can build a tower of 3 blocks and cannot use utensils to feed himself.
He speaks in unclear 2-word phrases and cannot draw a circle yet.
His mother has noticed him hitting his head against the wall on multiple occasions.
He is at 20th percentile for height and at 50th percentile for weight.
Vitals signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows multiple lacerations of his lips and tongue.
There are multiple healing wounds over his fingers.
Neurological examination shows increased muscle tone in all extremities.
He is now having bowel movements four to five times a day.
He denies any blood or mucus in the stool.
He also complains of abdominal pain and fatigue.
Furthermore, he feels nauseous and does not feel like drinking anything.
His urine is visibly yellow and low in volume.
He recently returned from a trip to South America where he enjoyed all the local delicacies.
He is most concerned about his urine color and volume.
He does not have a prior history of seizures and has not taken any drugs except for his daily asthma medication.
She mentions that she needs to drink water frequently and often feels that her mouth and throat are dry.
On physical examination, she has bilateral enlargement of the parotid glands and dry conjunctivae.
Her physical examination and laboratory findings suggest a diagnosis of sicca syndrome.
In addition to non-pharmacological measures, a drug is prescribed to improve symptoms related to dryness of mouth by increasing salivation.
He has had 3–4 episodes in which he has vomited dark red blood during this period.
He has had no epigastric pain or tarry stools.
On arrival, his temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 134/min, and blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg.
He is resuscitated with 0.9% saline and undergoes an emergency upper endoscopy, which shows actively bleeding varices.
Band ligation of the varices is done and hemostasis is achieved.
He is diagnosed with Child class B cirrhosis.
He is concerned about the possibility of recurrence of such an episode.
He is asked to abstain from alcohol, to which he readily agrees.
He also reports occasional diarrhea and abdominal pain.
His family history is relevant for his father and uncle, who died from complications of colorectal cancer.
Colonoscopy shows more than 10 colorectal adenomas.
Bilateral fractures to the femur were stabilized at the scene by emergency medical technicians.
The patient is lucid upon questioning and his vitals are stable.
Pain only at his hips was elicited.
Cervical exam was not performed.
The lesion measures 2.3 x 3.2 cm.
He has a medical history significant for hypertension and diabetes mellitus type II, for which he takes lisinopril and metformin, respectively.
He has had a basal cell carcinoma before which was excised in the clinic without complications.
He was previously healthy and physically active, but he recently started binge-eating candy and stopped exercising.
He was fired from his job for inappropriate behavior after he undressed in the office and made lewd remarks to several female coworkers.
He claims there is nothing wrong with his behavior.
On mental status examination, he is alert and irritable but cooperative.
Short-term recall is normal but he has some word-finding difficulties.
Babinski reflex is positive bilaterally.
His parents say he has vomited multiple times over the past couple of hours, but the most recent vomit was green.
The patient has no significant past medical history.
On physical examination, the patient is irritable and crying.
On palpation in the periumbilical region, an abdominal mass is present.
Emergency laparotomy is performed, which shows a part of the patient’s intestine folded into the section adjacent to it.
She has had three similar episodes over the past year that resolved with antibiotic treatment.
She has no history of serious illness.
She is sexually active with one male partner; they do not use barrier contraception.
Upon questioning, she reports that she always urinates and cleans herself after sexual intercourse.
She drinks 2–3 liters of fluid daily.
Her only medication is a combined oral contraceptive.
Her temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), pulse is 65/min, and blood pressure is 122/65 mm Hg.
Examination shows mild tenderness to palpation in the lower abdomen.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Urinalysis shows WBCs and rare gram-positive cocci.
The patient recently experienced an open fracture of his radius when he fell from a ladder while cleaning his house.
Surgical reduction took place and the patient's forearm was put in a cast.
Since then, the patient has experienced worsening pain in his arm.
The patient has a past medical history of hypertension and asthma.
His current medications include albuterol, fluticasone, loratadine, and lisinopril.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 150/95 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 19/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
The patient's cast is removed.
On physical exam, the patient's left arm is tender to palpation.
Passive motion of the patient's wrist and fingers elicits severe pain.
The patient's left radial and ulnar pulse are both palpable and regular.
The forearm is soft and does not demonstrate any bruising but is tender to palpation.
Upon examination, the physician notes severe burns on the sun-exposed areas of the skin, including the face (especially the ears and nose), dorsal aspect of the hands, shoulders, and dorsal aspect of his feet.
The child has very fair skin and blond hair.
The parents insist that the child has not spent any extraordinary amount of time in the sun, but they admit that they rarely apply sunscreen.
He has hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
He had smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years but quit 1 year ago.
He does not drink alcohol.
Prior to admission to the hospital, his medications included lisinopril, metformin, ipratropium, and tamsulosin.
He appears acutely ill and lethargic.
His temperature is 39.5°C (103.1°F), pulse is 108/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 110/84 mm Hg.
He is oriented only to person.
Examination shows a 10-cm subcostal incision that appears dry and non-erythematous.
Scattered expiratory wheezing is heard throughout both lung fields.
His abdomen is distended with tenderness to palpation over the lower quadrants.
He also reports that his hats and wedding ring do not fit anymore.
His temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 145/80 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, and respirations are 16/min.
Physical examination is notable for frontal bossing, a prominent jaw, and an enlarged tongue.
A chest radiograph reveals mild cardiomegaly.
Serum insulin-like growth factor 1 levels are significantly elevated.
He also complains of difficulty breathing while lying down.
He also is concerned because he startles from sleep and feels like he is choking.
These symptoms have been bothering him for the last several weeks and they are getting worse.
He has been afebrile with no known sick contacts.
6 months ago, he had an acute myocardial infarction from which he recovered and until recently had felt well.
He has a history of hyperlipidemia for which he takes atorvastatin.
His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), the pulse is 85/min, the respiratory rate is 14/min, and the blood pressure is 110/75 mm Hg.
On physical examination, his heart has a regular rate and rhythm.
He has bilateral crackles in both lungs.
An echocardiogram is performed and shows a left ventricular ejection fraction of 33%.
The patient’s daughter says she has noticed impairment in memory and functioning for the past month.
She says that he has forgotten to pay bills and go shopping, and, as a result, the electricity was cut off due to non-payment.
She also says that last week, he turned the stove on and forgot about it, resulting in a kitchen fire.
The patient has lived by himself since his wife died last year.
He fondly recalls living with his wife and how much he misses her.
He admits that he feels ‘down’ most days of the week living on his own and doesn’t have much energy.
When asked about the kitchen fire and problems with the electricity, he gets defensive and angry.
At the patient’s last routine check-up 3 months ago, he was healthy with no medical problems.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, the patient appears to have a flat affect.
Physical examination shows diffuse inspiratory crackles over the left lung field.
An x-ray of the chest shows hilar lymphadenopathy and well-defined nodules with central calcifications.
Urine studies show the presence of a polysaccharide antigen.
A biopsy specimen of the lung shows cells with basophilic, crescent-shaped nuclei and pericellular halos located within macrophages.
They review the electronic medical records of 500 patients at a local hospital during the study period and identify the presence or absence of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and the number of alcoholic drinks consumed on the day of presentation.
They find that there is a lower prevalence of acute coronary syndrome in patients who reported no alcohol consumption or 1 drink daily compared with those who reported 2 or more drinks.
He reports that he has had a dull, burning pain for several months that has progressively gotten worse.
He also notes a weight loss of about five pounds over that time frame.
The patient endorses nausea and feels that the pain is worse after meals, but he denies any vomiting or diarrhea.
He has a past medical history of hypertension, and he reports that he has been under an unusual amount of stress since losing his job as a construction worker.
His home medications include enalapril and daily ibuprofen, which he takes for lower back pain he developed at his job.
The patient drinks 1-2 beers with dinner and has a 25-pack-year smoking history.
His family history is significant for colorectal cancer in his father and leukemia in his grandmother.
On physical exam, the patient is moderately tender to palpation in the epigastrium.
A fecal occult test is positive for blood in the stool.
He says that he is having palpitations as well.
He adds that he has had several episodes of headache in the past which resolved without seeking medical attention.
He is a non-smoker and does not drink alcohol.
He denies use of any illicit drugs.
He looks scared and anxious.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), respirations are 25/min, pulse is 107/min, and blood pressure is 221/161 mm Hg.
An urgent urinalysis reveals elevated plasma metanephrines.
One of the drugs being studied primarily acts by blocking the outward flow of K+ during myocyte repolarization.
Further investigation shows that the use of this drug is associated with a lower rate of ventricular tachycardia, ventricular fibrillation, and torsade de points when compared to similar drugs.
He denies fever, chills, or other symptoms.
Past medical history is unremarkable.
He reports heavy alcohol consumption for the past several years but says he quit recently.
On physical examination, the patient appears jaundiced and is ill-appearing.
There is shifting dullness presents on abdominal percussion with a positive fluid wave.
Sclera are icteric.
Bilateral gynecomastia is present.
Using this patient population, the sociodemographics, health status, and hospital use were assessed.
Next year, patient satisfaction with health care providers was assessed using 5 items from the Consumer Assessment of Health Plans Survey.
He has a past history of kidney stones that are composed of calcium oxalate.
He does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Family history reveals that his mother died of thyroid cancer.
Vital signs reveal a temperature of 37.1°C (98.7°F), blood pressure of 200/110 mm Hg and pulse of 120/min.
His 24-hour urine calcium, serum metanephrines, and serum normetanephrines levels are all elevated.
The patient states that he has not been sleeping well and requests sleep medication to help him with his fatigue.
He recently changed his diet to try to increase his energy and has been on a vegetarian diet for the past several months.
The patient has no significant past medical history.
He smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day and drinks 5 alcoholic beverages per day.
The patient has lost 12 pounds since his last visit 1 month ago.
Physical exam demonstrates a tired man.
He appears thin, and his skin and sclera are icteric.
Abdominal ultrasound is notable for a thin-walled and enlarged gallbladder.
A urine sample is collected and is noted to be amber in color.
He has new blurry vision and difficulty opening his eyes in bright surroundings.
He has not had any recent trauma.
He uses contact lenses daily.
He had surgery on his left eye 6 months ago after a penetrative trauma caused by a splinter.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows congestion of the perilimbal conjunctivae bilaterally.
Visual acuity is decreased bilaterally.
Ocular movements are normal.
Slit-lamp examination shows a cornea with normal contours and leukocytes in the anterior chambers of both eyes.
The eyelids, eyelashes, and lacrimal ducts show no abnormalities.
She says her chest pain is aggravated by deep breathing and she becomes short of breath while walking upstairs in her home.
She also has been feeling feverish and fatigued for the past week, as well as pain in her wrists, hands, and left knee.
Review of systems is significant for a 4.5 kg (10.0 lb) weight loss over the previous month Past medical history consists of 2 spontaneous abortions, both of which occurred in the 1st trimester.
On physical examination, there is a pink rash present on over her face, which is aggravated by exposure to sunlight.
There are decreased breath sounds on the right.
A chest radiograph is performed which reveals evidence of a right pleural effusion.
Serum ANA and anti-dsDNA autoantibodies are positive.
Urinalysis is unremarkable.
The investigator determines that during these episodes, amino acids liberated from muscle proteins are metabolized to serve as substrates for gluconeogenesis.
Twenty-four hours after admission to the cardiac intensive care unit, he develops oliguria.
Laboratory tests show that his serum BUN is 59 mg/dL and his serum creatinine is 6.2 mg/dL.
Renal biopsy reveals necrosis of the proximal tubules and thick ascending limb of Henle's loop.
He has the feeling that sometimes his heart “skips a beat”.
His father has a history of atrial fibrillation and myocardial infarction.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 5 years.
He drinks 1–2 beers on the weekends.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination reveals a regular pulse.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Serum studies, including electrolytes and creatinine, are within normal limits.
An excerpt of 24h Holter monitoring is shown.
Echocardiography is normal.
She cannot raise her right arm.
Her vital signs are stable, and the physical examination reveals loss of sensation over the upper lateral aspect of the right arm and shoulder.
A radiologic evaluation shows a fracture of the surgical neck of the right humerus.
The patient states that whenever he eats solids, he regurgitates them back up.
Given this patient's suspected diagnosis, the gastroenterologist performs a diagnostic test.
Several hours later, the patient presents to the emergency department with chest pain and shortness of breath.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 130/85 mmHg, pulse is 60/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
On physical exam, the patient demonstrates a normal cardiopulmonary exam.
His physical exam demonstrates no tenderness of the neck, a normal oropharynx, palpable crepitus above the clavicles, and minor lymphadenopathy.
The mother reports that the boy has had five nosebleeds within the past 2 weeks, each lasting between 15 and 20 minutes.
The patient was born at term and has been hospitalized twice for pneumonia treatment.
There is no family history of serious illness.
The patient is at the 8th percentile for height and the 30th percentile for weight.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows a small, thin child with two flat, dark brown areas of hyperpigmentation across the upper back and a similar discoloration on the left buttock.
There is bilateral esotropia.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 9.3 g/dL, mean corpuscular volume of 107 μm3, leukocyte count of 3,800/mm3, and platelet count of 46,000/mm3.
He also mentions that both thighs ache.
His past medical history is not significant except for some diarrhea about 3 weeks ago.
On physical examination, his temperature is 37.2ºC (99.0ºF), pulse rate is 108/min and respiratory rate is 14/min.
His blood pressure is 122/82 mm Hg and 100/78 mm Hg in supine and upright positions, respectively.
His neurologic evaluation reveals the presence of bilateral symmetrical weakness of the lower limbs, the absence of deep tendon reflexes, and negative Babinski sign.
His sensorium and higher brain functions are normal.
You come across an analysis of lifestyle factors and how they affect medical student specialty choices.
Image A depicts two scatter plots comparing the relationship between median income and weekly work hours on the difficulty of matching into specific specialties.
Both associations are statistically significant.
The procedure is complicated by brisk bleeding from an artery that travels along the external branch of the superior laryngeal nerve.
To stop the bleeding, the artery is ligated at its origin.
He has a history of moderate persistent asthma and his maintenance regimen consists of an inhaled corticosteroid, a long-acting beta-agonist, and albuterol as rescue therapy.
He has not improved with his rescue inhaler despite increased use.
He reports prior exposure to a person who had symptoms of a respiratory infection.
His temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F), blood pressure is 101/68 mm Hg, heart rate is 99/min, and respiratory rate is 32/min.
Physical examination reveals widespread polyphonic wheezes but equal air entry.
His oxygen saturation is 92% on room air.
The father says that his daughter has become increasingly withdrawn; she has not answered any phone calls or visited her family and friends.
The patient says that she has to stay at home because a foreign intelligence service is monitoring her.
She thinks that they are using a magnetic field to read her mind.
Mental status exam shows disjointed and perseverative thinking.
She is anxious and has a flat affect.
His father tells the physician that he has observed, on several occasions, that his son has difficulty breathing.
This is more prominent when he is outside playing with his friends.
These symptoms are increased during the spring and winter seasons, and, of late, the boy has one such episode almost every week.
During these episodes, he usually wheezes, coughs, and seems to be winded as if something was restricting his ability to breathe.
These symptoms have not affected his sleep at night.
This breathlessness does not limit his daily activities, and whenever he does have an episode it subsides after he gets some rest.
He does not have any other pertinent medical history and is not on any medication.
His physical examination does not reveal any significant findings.
The pediatrician checks his expiratory flow rate in the office and estimates it to be around 85% after conducting it three times.
He undergoes endoscopic biopsy which shows pseudopolyps.
Biopsies taken during the endoscopy show inflammation only involving the mucosa and submucosa.
He is diagnosed with an inflammatory bowel disease.
He was involved in a motor vehicle accident 3 months ago.
His past medical history is notable for obesity and psoriatic arthritis.
He takes adalimumab.
His temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 130/85 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On exam, superficial skin ulcerations are found on his fingers bilaterally.
His strength is 5/5 bilaterally in shoulder abduction, arm flexion, arm extension, wrist extension, finger abduction, and thumb flexion.
He demonstrates loss of light touch and pinprick response in the distal tips of his 2nd and 5th fingertips and over the first dorsal web space.
Vibratory sense is intact in the bilateral upper and lower extremities.
He reports that the weakness has gradually been getting worse and that this morning he dropped his cup of coffee.
He has never had anything like this happen to him before, although he was hospitalized last year for pneumonia.
He reports inconsistent adherence to his home medications, which include raltegravir, tenofovir, emtricitabine, TMP-SMX, hydrochlorothiazide, pravastatin, and occasional ibuprofen.
His father died of a myocardial infarction at the age of 60, and his mother suffered a stroke at the age of 72.
The patient's temperature is 102.6°F (39.2°C), blood pressure is 156/92 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On neurological exam, he has 3/5 strength in the distal muscles of the right extremity with preserved sensation.
His neurological exam is normal in all other extremities.
She has not had any fever or nausea.
Pulse is 104/min and blood pressure is 110/65 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows dry mucous membranes and decreased skin turgor.
Stool culture shows gram-negative, comma-shaped, flagellated bacilli.
Therapy with oral rehydration solution is initiated.
She has no specific complaints.
Her medical history is significant for asthma.
She uses an albuterol inhaler as needed.
She has no notable surgical history.
Her mom had breast cancer and her grandfather died of colon cancer.
She received all her childhood scheduled vaccinations up to age 8.
She reports that she is doing well in school but hates math.
She is sexually active with her boyfriend.
They use condoms consistently, and they both tested negative recently for gonorrhea, chlamydia, syphilis and human immunodeficiency virus.
She asks about birth control.
He is scheduled for a splenectomy in the next several months.
Samples obtained from the boy’s red blood cells show a malformed protein with a length of 160 amino acids (in normal, healthy red blood cells, the functional protein has a length of 146 amino acids).
The patient also reports monthly episodes of pelvic and back pain accompanied by painful diarrhea for 6 years.
She takes naproxen for the pain, which has provided some relief.
Menses have occurred at regular 28-day intervals since menarche at the age of 11 years and last for 7 days.
She is sexually active with her husband and does not use contraception.
Pelvic and rectal examination shows no abnormalities.
A hysterosalpingogram is unremarkable.
Past medical history is significant for appendectomy at age 12 and, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus type 2 that is poorly controlled.
He takes metformin and lisinopril but admits that he is bad at remembering to take them everyday.
His father had a heart attack at 41 and 2 stents were placed in his heart.
His mother is healthy.
He drinks alcohol occasionally and smokes a half of a pack of cigarettes a day.
He is a sales executive and describes his work as stressful.
Today, the blood pressure is 142/85 and the body mass index (BMI) is 28.5 kg/m2.
A coronary angiogram shows > 75% narrowing of the left anterior descending coronary artery.
He is unconscious.
Physical examination shows a wound on the upper margin of the right clavicle in the parasternal line that is 3-cm-deep.
He was born to a 42-year-old G1P1 mother who underwent no prenatal screening because she did not show up to her prenatal care visits.
She has poorly controlled diabetes and hypertension.
On physical exam, the infant is found to have slanted eyes, a flattened head, a large tongue, and a single palmar crease bilaterally.
Furthermore, a single, loud S2 murmur is appreciated in this patient.
Radiography shows a large oblong-shaped heart shadow.
Based on this presentation, the neonatologist starts a medication that will temporarily ensure this patient's survival pending definitive fixation of the defect.
Several congenital conditions are observed among the participating patients, mostly involving the thymus and the heart.
Common facial features of affected individuals are shown in the image below.
Flow cytometry analysis of patient samples reveals a CD19+ and CD3- result.
The patient was in his usual state of health 3 days ago.
He became more confused and agitated this morning thus prompting his presentation.
The patient has a past medical history of depression, hypertension, diabetes, and Parkinson disease and is currently taking fluoxetine, lisinopril, insulin, metformin, and selegiline (recently added to his medication regimen for worsening Parkinson symptoms).
He also takes oxycodone and clonazepam for pain and anxiety; however, he ran out of these medications last night.
His temperature is 101°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 111/78 mmHg, pulse is 117/min, respirations are 22/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for an irritable, sweaty, and confused elderly man.
Neurological exam reveals hyperreflexia of the lower extremities and clonus.
There is no history of chest pain, cough or palpitation.
He is a chronic smoker and underwent elective cholecystectomy one month back.
There is no history of chronic or recurrent cough, wheezing or breathlessness.
His temperature is 38.2°C (100.8°F), pulse is 108/min, blood pressure is 124/80 mm Hg, and respirations are 25/min.
His arterial oxygen saturation is 98% in room air as shown by pulse oximetry.
After a detailed physical examination, the physician orders a plasma D-dimer level, which was elevated.
A contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT) of the chest shows a filling defect in a segmental pulmonary artery on the left side.
The mother had no prenatal care.
Examination of the smaller newborn shows low-set ears, retrognathia, and right-sided clubfoot.
The hematocrit is 41% for the smaller newborn and 69% for the larger newborn.
His back pain worsens with standing for a prolonged period of time or climbing down the stairs and improves with sitting.
Medical history is significant for hypertension, type II diabetes mellitus, and hypercholesterolemia.
Neurologic exam demonstrates normal tone, 5/5 strength, and a normal sensory exam throughout the bilateral lower extremity.
Skin exam is unremarkable and dorsalis pedis and posterior tibialis pulses are 3+.
His diet consists mainly of cow’s milk and fruits.
Family history is unremarkable.
Physical examination shows conjunctival pallor.
Laboratory findings are significant for the following:
Hemoglobin 9.1 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 75 μm3
Mean corpuscular hemoglobin 20 pg/cell
Red cell distribution width 18%
The patient is presumptively diagnosed with iron deficiency anemia (IDA) and ferrous sulfate syrup is prescribed.
She says that she just does not have the energy for her daily activities.
She gets winded quite easily when she takes her dog for a walk in the evening.
She says that her mood is generally ok and she gets together with her friends every weekend.
She works as a teacher at a local elementary school and used to have frequent headaches while at work.
Her husband is a commercial pilot and is frequently away for extended periods of time.
Her only son is a sophomore in college and visits her every other week.
She has had issues in the past with hypertension, but her blood pressure is currently well-controlled because she is compliant with her medication.
She is currently taking atorvastatin and lisinopril.
The blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, the pulse is 90/min, the temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F), and the respirations are 16/min.
On examination, she appears slightly pale and lethargic.
Had this adenoma not been excised, the patient would have been at risk of progression to carcinoma.
His roommates state that he has been under a lot of stress lately from his final exams and has been more reclusive.
They state that this evening he was very irritable and was yelling at his computer prior to breaking it, followed by him spending several hours at the gym.
His temperature is 101°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 137/98 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 23/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for an irritable young man.
Cardiopulmonary exam is notable for tachycardia and bilateral clear breath sounds.
Neurological exam reveals dilated pupils.
The patient is notably diaphoretic and speaks very rapidly during the physical exam and is aggressive.
He is given haloperidol, diphenhydramine, and diazepam for sedation and placed in soft restraints.
His symptoms resolved over the next 10 hours in the emergency department.
His mother has noticed that he refuses to lie down on his right side and keeps tugging at his right ear.
One week ago, he had a runny nose that has since improved.
He was born at term and has been otherwise healthy.
He was exclusively breastfed until 2 months of age and is currently bottle-fed with some solid foods introduced.
He has been attending a daycare center for the past 5 months.
His temperature is 38.4°C (101.1°F) and pulse is 144/min.
She does not have any significant past medical history.
She provides a history of a recent school trip to the suburbs.
On physical examination, there is a mild tenderness around the umbilicus without any distension or discharge.
There is no rebound tenderness.
Bowel sounds are normal.
An abdominal imaging shows enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes, and she is diagnosed with mesenteric lymphadenitis.
However, incidentally, a mass of tissue was seen joining the inferior pole of both kidneys as shown in the image.
He was diagnosed with a rare arrhythmia a couple of years ago following an episode of dizziness.
A mutation in the gene encoding for the L-type calcium channel protein was identified by genetic testing.
He feels fine today.
His vitals include: blood pressure 122/89 mm Hg, pulse 90/min, respiratory rate 14/min, and temperature 36.7°C (98.0°F).
The cardiac examination is unremarkable.
The patient has been conducting some internet research on how the heart works and specifically asks you about his own “ventricular action potential”.
Colonoscopy shows sigmoid colon inflammation, and the patient complains of joint pain in her knees and ankles.
You suspect inflammatory bowel disease.
This is the 4th day of his expedition.
His friend notices that in the last few hours, he has been coughing frequently and appears to be short of breath.
He has used his albuterol inhaler twice in the past 4 hours, but it does not seem to help.
Within the past hour, he has coughed up some frothy, slightly pink sputum and is now complaining of nausea and headache.
Other than his asthma, which has been well-controlled on a steroid inhaler, he is healthy.
They have observed that mice with certain gene deletions are not able to fight the induced viral infection.
They identify a cell that is able to destroy target cells infected with viruses by exocytosis of granule contents, which induces the activation of caspases.
The mother states that he easily gets sunburned.
The mother admits she gave birth to him at home and has never taken him to see a doctor.
The patient walks with a wide stance gait and appears unstable on his feet.
He has an extensive erythematous, scaling, hyperkeratotic rash on his face, neck, arms and legs.
After extensive workup, the patient is found to have a genetic disorder that results in defective absorption of an important vitamin.
The mother describes that for the past 2 years her son has experienced episodes of repetitive blinking and sudden jerking of the arms.
Additionally, she notes that he often clears his throat and occasionally makes grunting noises.
These symptoms have waxed and waned in frequency, but they have persisted for the past 2 years since they first developed.
The patient is otherwise healthy without any coexisting medical issues.
She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 35 years.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 92/min, respirations are 20/min, blood pressure is 124/78 mm Hg, and pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 93%.
Physical examination shows decreased breath sounds.
A flow-volume loop obtained via pulmonary function testing is shown.
She has been sexually active with 1 male lifetime partner and always uses a condom.
Her mother believes that breast development started at 11 years old.
On exam, she is a well-appearing, non-hirsute teenager with Tanner V breast and pubic hair development.
Her pelvic exam reveals normal external genitalia, a shortened vagina, and the cervix is unable to be visualized.
Initial laboratory testing for hormone levels and karyotype is normal, and imaging confirms what you suspect on exam.
The rash is on his right forearm (refer to the image).
He has not had a similar rash in the past.
He has no history of allergies, and he is not taking any medications.
He frequently enjoys gardening in their backyard.
They have no household pets.
The physical examination reveals no other abnormalities.
She also has pain with urination.
She is sexually active with one male partner, and they use condoms inconsistently.
She experienced a burning pain when she last had sexual intercourse 3 days ago.
Menses occur at regular 28-day intervals and last 5 days.
Her last menstrual period was 3 weeks ago.
Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse is 83/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows abdominal tenderness in the lower quadrants.
Pelvic examination shows cervical motion tenderness and purulent cervical discharge.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 15,000/mm3 and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 100 mm/h.
She works in a local factory that manufactures components for airplanes.
She drinks 2–3 glasses of wine daily and has smoked half a pack of cigarettes daily for the past 5 years.
Physical examination shows a purple rash on her cheeks and nose.
An x-ray of the chest shows bilateral hilar adenopathy and a calcified nodule in the left lower lobe.
A bronchoalveolar lavage shows a CD4:CD8 T-lymphocyte ratio of 10:1 (N=2:1).
A biopsy of the nodule shows a noncaseating granuloma.
Her grandmother, mother, and sister all have been diagnosed with nonpolyposis colorectal cancer, at ages 65, 50, and 40 years, respectively.
Colonoscopy for this patient revealed a large, flat, right-sided adenoma.
Histopathological examination of the lesion showed villous histology and high-grade dysplasia.
He has also been vomiting over the past hour.
His temperature is 36.7°C (98°F), pulse is 98/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 140/80 mm Hg.
He is lethargic and oriented only to person.
Examination shows flushed skin.
Fundoscopic examination shows bright red retinal veins.
Serum studies show:
Na+ 138 mEq/L
K+ 3.5 mEq/L
Cl- 100 mEq/L
HCO3- 17 mEq/L
Creatinine 1.2 mg/dL
Urea nitrogen 19 mg/dL
Lactate 8.0 mEq/L (N = 0.5 - 2.2 mEq/L)
Glucose 75 mg/dL
Arterial blood gas analysis on room air shows a pH of 7.13.
She recently started a new job and has been tired most of the time.
She does not have any dizziness and has not lost consciousness.
She follows a well-balanced diet and is not vegetarian.
She recalls that other family members have had similar symptoms in the past.
On physical exam her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 115/78 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, respirations are 22/min, and pulse oximetry is 99% on room air.
On physical exam, you notice conjunctival pallor.
Labs are obtained and the results are shown below:

Hemoglobin: 10.2 g/dL
Hematocrit: 34%
Leukocyte count: 5,000 cells/mm^3 with normal differential
Platelet count: 252,000/mm^3
Mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration: 20.4%
Mean corpuscular volume: 65 µm^3

Peripheral blood smear is shown in the image provided.
She reports that he started behaving in an agitated manner shortly after eating some wild berries that they had picked during their camping trip.
His temperature is 38.7°C (101.7°F).
Physical examination shows warm, dry skin and dry mucous membranes.
His pupils are dilated and minimally reactive to light.
His bowel sounds are decreased.
The patient is admitted and pharmacotherapy is initiated with a drug that eventually results in complete resolution of all of his symptoms.
She is at 30 weeks gestation based on ultrasound.
She complains of  feeling a little uneasy during the last 3 weeks of her pregnancy.
She mentions that her abdomen has not been enlarging as expected and her baby is not moving as much as during the earlier part of the pregnancy.
If anything, she noticed her abdomen has decreased in size.
While she is giving her history, the emergency medicine physician notices that she is restless and is sweating profusely.
An ultrasound is performed and her blood is sent for type and match.
The blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg, the pulse is 120/min, and the respiratory rate  is 18/min.
The fetal ultrasound is significant for no fetal heart motion or fetal movement.
Her blood work shows the following: hemoglobin, 10.3 g/dL; platelet count, 1.1*10(5)/ml; bleeding time, 10 minutes; PT, 25 seconds; and PTT, 45 seconds.
She requests a labor epidural.
An epidural catheter is secured at the L4-L5 space.
She exhibits no hemodynamic reaction to lidocaine 1.5% with epinephrine 1:200,000.
A continuous infusion of bupivacaine 0.0625% is started.
After 5 minutes, the nurse informs the anesthesiologist that the patient is hypotensive to 80/50 mmHg with a heart rate increase from 90 bpm to 120 bpm.
The patient is asymptomatic and fetal heart rate has not changed significantly from baseline.
She says that her legs feel heavy but is still able to move them.
She has no complaints during this visit.
She had an abnormal pap test 6 years ago that showed atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance.
The sample was negative for human papillomavirus.
On her follow-up Pap test 3 years later, there was no abnormality.
The latest pap test results show atypical glandular cells with reactive changes in the cervical epithelium.
The gynecologist decides to perform a colposcopy, and some changes are noted in this study of the cervical epithelium.
The biopsy shows dysplastic changes in the epithelial cells.
Her last Pap smear 2 years ago showed atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance; subsequent HPV testing was negative at that time.
Menarche was at the age of 10 years and her last menstrual period was 6 years ago.
Abdominal examination shows shifting dullness.
There is tenderness to palpation of the left lower quadrant but no guarding or rebound.
Bimanual palpation shows a small uterus and a left adnexal mass.
He fell and landed on the lateral aspect of his right shoulder.
He is holding his right arm supported by his left arm, with his right arm adducted against his side.
He is tender to palpation directly over the middle third of his clavicle.
Radiographs reveal a non-displaced fracture of the middle third of the clavicle.
He was diagnosed with HIV 8 years ago.
He is currently receiving triple antiretroviral therapy.
He is sexually active and uses condoms consistently.
He is planning a trip to Thailand with his partner to celebrate his 35th birthday in 6 weeks.
His last tetanus and diphtheria booster was given 4 years ago.
He received three vaccinations against hepatitis B 5 years ago.
He had chickenpox as a child.
Other immunization records are unknown.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Leukocyte count shows 8,700/mm3, and CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 480 cells/mm3 (Normal ≥ 500); anti-HBs is 150 mIU/mL.
The patient reports that he is a construction worker and was drilling metal beams when he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his right eye.
Since then, the vision in his right eye has seemed blurry and his eye “has not stopped tearing.” The patient’s medical history is significant for type II diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
His medications include metformin, captopril, and lovastatin.
He has a mother with glaucoma, and both his brother and father have coronary artery disease.
Upon physical examination, there is conjunctival injection present in the right eye with no obvious lacerations to the eyelids or defects in extraocular eye movements.
Pupils are equal and reactive to light.
No afferent pupillary defect is appreciated.
The unaffected eye has 20/20 visual acuity.
The patient refuses to participate in the visual acuity exam of the right eye due to pain.
He has sharp right-sided chest pain that worsens on inspiration and coughing.
Two weeks ago, the patient was admitted to the hospital after passing out on the street from alcohol intoxication but he left against medical advice.
He has coronary artery disease and hypertension, and he does not take any medications.
He drinks 4 cans of beer daily and has smoked 2 packs of cigarettes daily for 20 years.
His temperature is 38.5°C (101.3° F), pulse is 110/min, respirations are 29/min, and blood pressure is 110/65 mmHg.
Examination shows poor dentition.
There is dullness to percussion at the base of the right lung.
Crackles and markedly decreased breath sounds are heard over the right middle and lower lung fields.
An x-ray of the chest shows a right-sided loculated pleural effusion and consolidation of the surrounding lung with visible air bronchogram; there are no rib fractures.
Thoracocentesis is performed.
She is oriented to person but is slow to answer questions and cannot name her location.
She is afebrile on exam and endorses mild suprapubic tenderness.
Her urine culture was positive for leukocyte esterase and nitrites.
She was prescribed appropriate treatments.
On follow-up, she complains of a new rash.
In the past few days she has noticed that her skin becomes very red and more easily sunburns.
Per the patient, her symptoms have resolved and her initial infection has cleared.
He is unable to give a clear history.
His mother says he returned from a hiking trip 4 weeks ago on which he also explored caves.
Over the past few days, he has had generalized fever and malaise with a sore throat.
He has refused to drink any liquids for the last day.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
His temperature is 100.6°F (38.1°C), pulse is 92/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 110/75 mm Hg.
His pupils are 6 mm wide and reactive to light.
He has a moderate amount of drool.
Muscle tone is greatly increased in both the upper and lower extremities.
The remainder of the examination is not performed because the patient becomes combative and refuses further assessment.
Serum and urine toxicology screens are negative.
She says she is doing better on the new drug she was prescribed.
However, she recently noticed that she is drinking a lot of water and urinates more frequently throughout the day.
She also says there are moments recently when she feels confused and agitated.
Her vitals include: blood pressure 122/89 mm Hg, temperature 36.7°C (98.0°F), pulse 88/min and respirations 18/min.
Her physical examination is within normal limits.
He and his family recently returned from a summer spent in New Delhi, India visiting relatives.
Physical examination reveals abdominal tenderness and a pink macular rash extending from his trunk to his upper arms.
His vital signs are as follows: temperature is 99.7°F (37.6°C), blood pressure is 120/72 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, and respirations are 16/min.
Specifically, he has been having pain around his right knee that has gotten progressively worse over the last several months.
On presentation, he has swelling and tenderness over his right distal femur.
Radiographs are obtained and the results are shown in figure A.
His family history is significant in that several family members also had this disorder and others had pathology in the eye near birth.
The patient is referred for a genetic consult, and a mutation is found on a certain chromosome.
Blood work demonstrated levels of methylmalonic acid nearly 500 times normal levels.
A carbon-14 propionate incorporation assay was performed on the fibroblasts of the patient and compared to a healthy, normal individual.
Little to none of the radiolabeled carbons of the propionate appeared in any of the intermediates of the Krebs cycle.
Her audiology report one week prior showed that her hearing improved as expected by 20 decibels.
However, she reports that she has occasional shooting pain with eating and when she wears earrings.
She states that she has a stressful job as a cashier at the local department store and often sleeps poorly.
She denies any neck pain or tenderness when she washes her face.
On physical exam, no tenderness is elicited with preauricular or mandibular palpation bilaterally.
No jaw clicking is heard.
Right postauricular tapping causes tenderness in her right tonsillar area.
Her molar teeth appear even and symmetric bilaterally.
Her uvula is midline and her gag reflex is intact.
The pediatric attending physician believes that Crohn’s disease is the best explanation of this patient’s symptoms.
Based on the pediatric attending physician’s experience, the pretest probability of this diagnosis is estimated at 40%.
According to Fagan nomogram (see image).
She describes the pain as 'burning and achy' that is worse when she eats, which has lead to a weight loss of 4.5 kg (10.0 lb).
The patient is currently taking lisinopril and atenolol for her blood pressure and ibuprofen as needed for her osteoarthritis.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.7°F), heart rate is 75/min, and blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg.
An endoscopy is performed and a gastric ulcer is visualized and biopsied.
The biopsy reveals H. pylori infection.
His legs feel stiff after walking long distances and he has leg cramps after climbing stairs.
His symptoms are always relieved by rest.
Urine dipstick shows 3+ blood and urinalysis is negative for RBCs.
Baseline venous lactate and serum ammonia levels are collected, after which a blood pressure cuff is attached to the upper right arm.
The patient is asked to continuously pump his right arm with the cuff inflated and additional venous samples are collected at 2-minute intervals.
Analysis of the venous blood samples shows that, over time, serum ammonia levels increase and venous lactate levels remain stable.
He wore a long-sleeved shirt and was exposed to direct sunlight for about 10 minutes.
The patient is light-skinned and has a history of occasional sunburns when he does not apply sunscreen.
The patient was diagnosed with small cell lung carcinoma 2 months ago and is currently undergoing chemotherapy.
He is currently taking demeclocycline for malignancy-associated hyponatremia and amoxicillin for sinusitis.
He has also had occasional back pain.
He takes zolpidem and drinks 1–2 glasses of brandy before going to sleep every night.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 20 years.
His pulse is 72/min and his blood pressure is 120/75 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows prominent erythema on his forehead, cheeks, and neck.
Erythema and papular eruptions are seen on the dorsum of both hands.
He was cleaning the roof when he slipped and fell.
He did not lose consciousness and does not have any nausea.
On arrival, he is alert and oriented and has a cervical collar on his neck.
His pulse is 96/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 118/78 mm Hg.
Examination shows multiple bruises over the forehead and right cheek.
The pupils are equal and reactive to light.
There is a 2-cm laceration below the right ear.
Bilateral ear canals show no abnormalities.
The right wrist is swollen and tender; range of motion is limited by pain.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
There is no midline cervical spine tenderness.
There is tenderness along the 2nd and 3rd ribs on the right side.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
Neurologic examination shows no focal findings.
Two peripheral venous catheters are placed.
In addition, he says that he has been having difficulty opening his jaw to eat and recurrent middle ear infections.
Physical exam reveals enlarged neck lymph nodes and a mass in the nasopharynx.
Biopsy of the mass reveals undifferentiated squamous epithelial cells.
She reported the accident appropriately and now seeks post-exposure prophylaxis.
She does not have any complaints at the moment of presentation.
Her vital signs include: blood pressure 125/80 mm Hg, heart rate 71/min, respiratory rate 15/min, and temperature 36.5℃ (97.7℉).
Physical examination is unremarkable.
The nurse has prescribed a post-exposure prophylaxis regimen which includes tenofovir, emtricitabine, and raltegravir.
He is compliant with his immunosuppressive therapy.
He does not use any drugs and is sexually active with one male partner.
His complete blood count returns as follows: Hemoglobin: 13.7 g/dL, white blood cell count: 4000 cells/microliter, platelets 250,000 cells/microliter.
Of note, from his differential: neutrophils: 10%, lymphocytes: 45%, and monocytes: 7%.
His basic metabolic profile is notable for a creatinine remaining at his baseline of 0.9 mg/dL.
The patient is started on broad spectrum antibiotics, but his condition does not improve.
Fungal blood cultures are obtained and grow Candida species.
Oxygen saturation on room air is 81%.
Examination shows central cyanosis.
A continuous machine-like murmur is heard over the left upper sternal border.
A single S2 heart sound is present.
Supplemental oxygen does not improve the cyanosis.
Echocardiography shows the pulmonary artery arising from the posterior left ventricle and the aorta arising from the right ventricle with active blood flow between the right and left ventricles.
His temperature is 38.8°C (101.8°F) and respirations are 30/min.
An x-ray of the chest shows a right lower lobe infiltrate, and sputum culture grows bacteria that are sensitive to fluoroquinolone antibiotics.
Pharmacotherapy with oral moxifloxacin is initiated.
Three days later, the patient continues to have symptoms despite being compliant with the antibiotic.
Serum moxifloxacin levels are undetectable.
On physical examination the patient has an extra heart sound just before S1 heard best over the cardiac apex and clear lung fields.
The EKG and chest x-ray are attached (Figures A and B respectively).
The mother has no concerns, although she asks about the "hole in his heart" that the patient had at birth.
The patient has no history of cyanosis or heart failure; however, a holosystolic, harsh murmur was noted at the 3- and 6-month check-ups.
On examination, the patient is playful and alert.
He has met all developmental milestones.
The cardiac examination reveals a regular rate and rhythm with persistence of the holosystolic, harsh murmur.
His parents have noticed that he has had poor growth compared to his older siblings.
The boy was delivered vaginally after a normal pregnancy.
His temperature is 98.8°F (37.1°C), blood pressure is 98/68 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 20/min.
On exam, his abdomen appears protuberant, and the boy appears to have abnormally enlarged cheeks.
A finger stick reveals that the patient’s fasting blood glucose is 50 mg/dL.
On further laboratory testing, the patient is found to have elevated blood lactate levels, as well as no response to a glucagon stimulation test.
His mother reports that his wheezing is exacerbated by crying, feeding, and flexion of the neck, and is relieved by extension of the neck.
Occasionally he vomits after feeding.
She reports a 4-month history of pelvic pain that occurs during her periods.
It is more severe than her typical menstrual cramps and sometimes occurs when she is not on her period.
She also complains of pain during intercourse.
Her periods occur every 28-30 days.
Her past medical history is notable for kyphoscoliosis requiring spinal fusion and severe acne rosacea.
She takes trans-tretinoin and has a copper intra-uterine device.
Her family history is notable for ovarian cancer in her mother and endometrial cancer in her paternal grandmother.
Her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 120/85 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 16/min.
On exam, she appears healthy and is in no acute distress.
A bimanual examination demonstrates a normal sized uterus and a tender right adnexal mass.
Her intrauterine device is well-positioned.
He also feels a tingling sensation in his fingers and toes.
Blood pressure is 100/65 mm Hg, respirations are 28/min, pulse is 100/min, and temperature is 36.2°C (97.2°F).
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
He has excreted 20 mL of urine in the last 6 hours.
She also has a cough and end-expiratory wheezing.
Besides these symptoms, she has a normal physical appearance.
She has experienced similar breathing problems during exercise in the past, but never during rest.
She is afebrile.
Three days ago, he hit the right side of his head in a motor vehicle collision.
He neither lost consciousness nor sought medical attention.
Physical examination shows drooping of the mouth and ptosis on the right side.
Sensation over the face is not impaired.
Impedance audiometry shows an absence of the acoustic reflex in the right ear.
The mother reports that he vomited once on the way to the hospital and his vomit was non-bloody.
The patient has pain with swallowing.
He appears uncomfortable.
Pulse oximetry shows an oxygen saturation of 82%.
Examination shows heavy salivation.
Oral examination shows mild oral erythema and in the area of the epiglottis, but no burns.
An x-ray of the chest shows no abnormalities.
The patient is admitted to the intensive care unit.
He is intubated and oxygenation and intravenous fluid resuscitation are begun.
All contaminated clothes are removed.
She reports that her menses began at age 11, and she has never had spotting prior to the three months ago.
Her medical history is significant for estrogen-receptor positive intraductal carcinoma of the breast, which was treated with tamoxifen.
An endometrial biopsy is performed, which shows endometrial hyperplasia with atypia.
She reports that she and her husband are currently trying to have children.
During this time, his grades have declined in his college courses because he has had difficulty focusing on assignments and sometimes sleeps in class.
He no longer plays the drums for his band and has stopped attending family events.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 60/min, and blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
On mental status examination, he describes his mood as “ok.” He has a flat affect.
There is no evidence of suicidal ideation.
His speech is slow in rate and monotone in rhythm, and his thought process is organized.
He has no delusions or hallucinations.
These symptoms started gradually and slowly became worse over the past 4 months.
She is short of breath after walking a few blocks and has difficulty climbing stairs.
She denies having chest pain, leg swelling, or a cough.
Her past medical history is significant for osteoporosis and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
She takes omeprazole as needed and daily baby aspirin.
She is a retired accountant and is a lifetime nonsmoker but she drinks a small glass of red wine every night before bed.
Her diet is varied.
Today, her blood pressure is 128/72 mm Hg, heart rate is 105/min, respiratory rate is 22/min, temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F) and oxygen saturation is 94% on room air.
On physical examination, she has marked conjunctival pallor.
Cardiac auscultation reveals a rapid heartbeat with a regular rhythm and a 2/6 systolic murmur over the right upper sternal border.
Lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally and abdominal examination was within normal limits.
Peripheral blood smear shows microcytic, hypochromic red blood cells.
Previous to the event, he had difficulty feeding and was lethargic.
Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated.
Apgar scores were 7 and 8 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
Pregnancy and delivery of the mother's first 2 children were also uncomplicated.
Medications of the mother include folic acid and a multivitamin.
The mother's immunizations are up-to-date.
The infant appears icteric.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
The infant's weight and length are at the 5th percentile, and his head circumference at the 99th percentile for gestational age.
There are several purpura of the skin.
Ocular examination shows posterior uveitis.
The patient does not pass his auditory screening tests.
Cranial ultrasonography shows ventricular dilatation, as well as hyperechoic foci within the cortex, basal ganglia, and periventricular region.
She says that the symptoms started about a week ago, but she can't think of any particular trigger associated with the onset of symptoms.
She says that otherwise she has not experienced any pain or discomfort associated with these discharges.
She has never been pregnant and currently has multiple sexual partners with whom she uses protection consistently.
She has no other medical history though she says that her family has a history of reproductive system malignancy.
Physical exam reveals a normal appearing vulva, and a sample of the vaginal discharge reveals gray fluid.
The child attends daycare three times per week, and this past week one child was reported to have similar lesions.
Her immunizations are up-to-date.
Her brother had chickenpox one month ago.
She is at the 50th percentile for height and the 60th percentile for weight.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows several skin-colored, nontender, pearly papules with central umbilication on the abdomen and extremities.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He also mentions that the back of his right upper arm feels itchy.
He says he works as a forest guide and recently came back from a forest expedition.
Upon asking, he reports that the forest where he works is infested with ticks.
His temperature is 38.3°C (100.9°F), the pulse is 87/min, the respiratory rate is 15/min, and the blood pressure is 122/90 mm Hg.
On physical examination, there is a rash present on the posterior aspect of his upper right arm which is shown in the image.
Her boyfriend says that, during this period, she has slept and eaten very little and has been unable to focus at work.
She says that she feels “empty inside” and has been hearing voices telling her that she is worthless.
She first heard these voices 7 months ago when they started to make fun of her.
She does not drink alcohol or use illicit drugs.
Physical and neurological examinations show no abnormalities.
On mental status examination, her speech is slow and monotonous; she abruptly stops talking in the middle of sentences and does not finish them.
She occasionally directs her attention to the ceiling as if she were listening to someone.
Blood cultures grow gram-negative bacilli identified as Cardiobacterium hominis.
The patient was an unrestrained passenger in a head-on collision that occurred 15 minutes ago and is currently unresponsive.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 60/33 mmHg, pulse is 180/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 95% on room air.
A FAST exam demonstrates fluid in Morrison’s pouch.
Laboratory values are drawn upon presentation to the ED and sent off.
The patient is started on IV fluids and an initial trauma survey is started.
Twenty minutes later, his blood pressure is 95/65 mmHg, and his pulse is 110/min.
The patient is further stabilized and is scheduled for emergency surgery.
After regaining consciousness, he complained of a constant productive cough with foul-smelling sputum for the past few weeks.
A chest x-ray(Image A) was taken and the patient was treated accordingly.
The patient comes to you today complaining of watery diarrhea.
Past medical history is positive for amyloidosis and non-rhythm-based cardiac abnormalities secondary to the amyloidosis.
The patient’s blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg, the heart rate is 150/min, the respiratory rate is 15/min, and the temperature is 36.6℃ (97.9℉).
Her ECG is shown in the exhibit.
Her past medical history is unremarkable and she has had no prior surgeries.
A ventilation-perfusion scan demonstrates a large perfusion defect that is not matched by a ventilation defect in the left lower lobe.
The end result is an increase in airway resistance.
Her pregnancy has been complicated by hyperemesis gravidarum which subsided in the second trimester.
The contractions occur every 10–15 minutes and have been increasing in intensity and duration since onset.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 140/85 mm Hg.
Uterine contractions are felt on palpation.
Pelvic examination shows clear fluid in the vagina.
The cervix is 50% effaced and 3 cm dilated.
After 4 hours the cervix is 80% effaced and 6 cm dilated.
Pelvic examination is inconclusive for the position of the fetal head.
The fetal heart rate is reassuring.
He denies any chest pain.
Past medical history is significant for unknown kidney disease.
Current medications are amiloride and daily aspirin.
His blood pressure is 123/87 mm Hg and pulse is 45/min.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
An ECG shows tall peaked T waves with sinus bradycardia.
Laboratory findings are significant for serum potassium of 6.1 mEq/L.
He has never had a swollen joint before; however, he has had frequent nosebleeds throughout his life.
His mother is worried because they live with her parents who are currently on blood thinners.
Every morning she puts the blood thinner pill in the boy's grandfather's milk and was concerned that she may have switched it this morning.
Family history reveals a number of uncles who have had bleeding disorders; however, the mother does not know the exact disorder suffered by these relatives.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows periorbital edema and abdominal distention with shifting dullness.
Laboratory studies show a serum albumin of 2 g/dL and a serum cholesterol concentration of 290 mg/dL.
Urinalysis shows 4+ proteinuria and fatty casts.
She reports that he has never had a similar episode before.
The patient has hypertension and consumes multiple alcoholic drinks per day.
On arrival, he is confused and oriented only to person.
He cannot recall what happened.
He has difficulty speaking and his words are slurred.
He reports a diffuse headache and muscle pain and appears fatigued.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 85/min, respirations are 14/min, and blood pressure is 135/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows a 2-cm bruise on his right shoulder.
Strength is 5/5 throughout, except for 1/5 in the left arm.
The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities.
An ECG shows left ventricular hypertrophy.
A CT scan of the head without contrast shows no abnormalities.
He has had generalized fatigue and muscle aches since his previous visit 6 months ago.
He has hypertension and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Current medications include amlodipine and omeprazole.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.1°F), pulse is 88/min and blood pressure is 156/102 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Serum studies show:
Na+ 143 mEq/L
K+ 2.3 mEq/L
Cl- 100 mEq/L
HCO3- 31 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 14 mg/dL
Creatinine 1 mg/dL
His blood pressure medication is discontinued.
One week later his plasma aldosterone concentration is 35 ng/dL (N=3.6 - 24.0 ng/dL) and plasma renin activity is 0.4 ng/mL/h (N=0.3 to 4.2 ng/mL/h).
An oral sodium loading test over 3 days fails to reduce aldosterone.
A contrast-enhanced CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis shows a 3-cm, homogenous, right-sided adrenal mass with rapid contrast washout.
He is counseled about his treatment options and chooses to pursue surgery.
His urine has been clear and stools have been normal.
He was born at term by vacuum-assisted delivery and weighed 4000 g (8 lb 8 oz).
Pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.
His older sibling had jaundice in the neonatal period.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
He appears alert and comfortable.
Physical examination shows jaundice of the skin and sclerae.
The liver is palpated 1 cm below the right costal margin.
She had initially presented with complaints of painful menstrual cramps that kept her bedridden most of the day.
She also mentioned to her gynecologist that she had been diagnosed with endometriosis 4 years ago, and she could not find a medication or alternative therapeutic measure that helped.
Her medical history was significant for surgery she had 6 years ago to remove tumors she had above her kidneys, after which she was prescribed hydrocortisone.
An hour after the laparoscopic procedure, she calls the nurse because she is having difficulty breathing.
The nurse records her vital signs include: blood pressure 85/55 mm Hg, respirations 20/min, and pulse 115/min.
The patient suddenly loses consciousness.
Intravenous fluids are started immediately.
She gains consciousness, but her blood pressure is unchanged.
She is writhing in discomfort and has vomited twice since arrival.
She has no chronic medical conditions, but states she has had chlamydia two or three times in the past.
Her abdomen is firm, and she is guarding.
Pelvic exam reveals blood pooling in the vagina and right adnexal tenderness.
Her last menstrual period was 7 weeks ago.
A pregnancy test is positive.
She has had increased difficulty climbing stairs and standing from a seated position.
She takes no medications.
Neurologic examination shows weakness of the proximal muscles.
Skin examination shows diffuse erythema of the upper back, posterior neck, and shoulders.
A photograph of the patient's eye is shown.
The patient’s daughter says that he has had blurred vision for several days.
His right leg became weak 10 days ago, and he couldn’t walk for a few days before recovering.
He was diagnosed with monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance 2 years ago.
His temperature is 36.2°C (97.2°F), pulse is 75/min, respirations are 13/min, and blood pressure is 125/70 mm Hg.
He also has gingival bleeding.
Cervical lymphadenopathy is palpated on physical exam.
Both the liver and spleen are palpated 5 cm below the costal margins.
The serum protein electrophoresis with immunofixation is shown.
Urine electrophoresis shows no abnormalities.
A skeletal survey shows no abnormalities.
A pelvic ultrasound shows no uterus, fallopian tubes, or ovaries, despite having normal external sexual organs.
On physical examination, there is no axillary or pubic hair, and breast development is normal.
The laboratory tests show evidence of increased serum testosterone with normal conversion to dihydrotestosterone (DHT) and increased luteinizing hormone (LH).
His parents state that he has been complaining of abdominal pain that became increasingly severe this evening.
They also state he has been eating much more lately yet still has been losing weight.
The patient's past medical history is unremarkable and he is not currently on any medications.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 90/58 mmHg, pulse is 150/min, respirations are 24/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for diffuse abdominal tenderness and tachycardia.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
Three days later, the patient develops an abdominal itchy rash and re-presents to the emergency department for medical care.
His medical history is significant for gout, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus type II, and multiple basal cell carcinomas on his face and neck.
He currently smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a 6-pack of beer per day, and denies any current illicit drug use.
His vital signs include: temperature 40.0°C (104.0°F), blood pressure 126/74 mm Hg, heart rate 111/min, and respiratory rate 23/min.
On physical examination, his gait is limited by diffuse arthralgias, lung sounds are clear bilaterally, and he has normal heart sounds.
The patient has a pruritic periumbilical serpiginous macular rash that has spread to involve the back, upper trunk, and extremities.
He states some ‘red bumps’ just began to form.
The patient mentions that he was recently at a business conference in Miami.
He has a past medical history of hypertension, diabetes type 2, and hyperlipidemia.
He takes enalapril, metformin, and atorvastatin.
He does not smoke or drink.
His vitals are within normal limits today.
On physical examination, a linear line with 3 red papules is present along the medial aspect of his right thigh.
Additionally, there are small rows of bumps on his left leg and right forearm.
Excoriations are also apparent in the same region.
She first noticed the lesion 2 days ago.
It is not painful.
She denies vaginal discharge or dysuria.
She has no past medical history and takes no medications.
She has had 4 sexual partners in the past 8 months and uses the pull-out method as contraception.
She drinks 12-16 alcoholic beverages per week and is a law student.
Her temperature is 97.8°F (36.6°C), blood pressure is 121/81 mmHg, pulse is 70/min, and respirations are 16/min.
On exam, she has an indurated non-tender ulcer on the left labia majora.
There is no appreciable inguinal lymphadenopathy.
Multiple tests are ordered and pending.
He says that symptoms onset acutely 2 days ago and have not improved.
He also reports associated weakness and chills.
Past medical history is significant for occasional heartburn.
His temperature is 39.4°C (103.0°F), the pulse rate is 124/min, the blood pressure is 130/84 mm Hg, and the respiratory rate is 22/min.
On physical examination, there is significant nuchal rigidity.
No signs of raised intracranial pressure are present.
A lumbar puncture is performed and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis shows lymphocyte-dominant pleocytosis with increased CSF protein levels.
Bacteriological culture of the CSF reveals the growth of Listeria monocytogenes.
She describes the pain as diffuse, dull, and constant.
She also endorses constipation over this time.
The patient's mother says the patient has become increasingly self-conscious of her appearance since starting high school this year and has increasingly isolated herself to her room, rarely spending time with or eating meals with the rest of the family.
Her temperature is 98.0°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 100/70 mmHg, pulse is 55/min, and respirations are 19/min.
Body mass index (BMI) is at the 4th percentile for age and gender.
Physical exam reveals dental caries, mild abdominal distension, and diffuse, fine body hair.
Over the past 6 months, he has had a 3.6-kg (8-lb) weight loss.
He has chronic bronchitis and uses an albuterol inhaler as needed.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 44 years and drinks one alcoholic beverage daily.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 120/75 mm Hg.
He appears thin.
Examination shows 2+ pretibial edema bilaterally.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 11.2 g/dL
Leukocyte count 8500/mm3
Platelet count 130,000/mm3
Serum
Urea nitrogen 23 mg/dL
Glucose 77 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.6 mg/dL
Albumin 1.8 mg/dL
Total cholesterol 475 mg/dL
Urine
Blood negative
Glucose negative
Protein 4+
WBC 0–1/hpf
Fatty casts numerous
An x-ray of the chest shows a right upper lobe density.
A CT scan of the chest shows a 2.5 x 3.5 x 2-cm right upper lobe mass.
Strangely, he refers to you using the name of another physician.
On physical exam, he is afebrile, but mildly tachycardic at 100 beats/min.
Mucous membranes are dry.
Cardiac exam shows regular rhythm and no murmurs.
The patient has diffuse, nonfocal abdominal pain.
He cannot articulate the correct date.
You check the patient's serum calcium level, which is found to be 15.3 mg/dL.
Experimental assays show that treated animals had markedly reduced acetylcholine binding to muscarinic receptors relative to untreated controls.
The onset of pain was approx.
1 month ago and he is experiencing symptoms 2–3 times a day.
Each episode of pain lasts for about 30 seconds.
He describes the pain as severe (9 out of 10) with an electric and sharp quality.
He denies having tear production or conjunctival injection on the affected side during attacks.
The patient states that he had experienced that before.
His father is with him and says that this happens to him on occasion as well.
At the visit, the mother says that she is worried about the child's vision because of an “eye condition that runs in the family.” She says that the child is doing well in all activities at his preschool, except one in which he is required to sort different colored balls into baskets of a corresponding color.
A pedigree chart of the family, with the patient identified by a red arrow, is shown.
He was diagnosed with non-resectable prostatic adenocarcinoma 4 years ago.
He has undergone radiation therapy and chemotherapy.
Over the past 3 months, he has developed constant mild non-radiating low back pain that occasionally wakes him up from sleep.
He denies any recent falls or trauma.
His past medical history is notable for hypertension, diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, and gout.
He also has a history of thyroid cancer and underwent thyroidectomy 5 years ago.
He takes lisinopril, metoprolol, aspirin, metformin, and allopurinol.
He has a 40-pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol socially.
His temperature is 99.2°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 150/85 mmHg, pulse is 84/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On exam, he is well-appearing and in no acute distress.
He is mildly tender to palpation along the lumbar vertebral spinous processes.
A computerized tomography (CT) scan of the lumbar spine demonstrates a blastic and sclerotic lesion in the L5 vertebral body.
A chest X-ray and CT scan were performed, revealing cavities near the apex of his lungs.
The patient is started on rifampin, isoniazid, ethambutol and pyrazinamide.
He says that the pain is primarily located in his knees and occurs in sharp bursts that are accompanied by redness and warmth.
His past medical history is significant for diabetes though he is not currently taking any medications.
He also suffers from occasional diarrhea with fatty stools.
Physical exam reveals mild swelling and redness in his knees bilaterally.
Furthermore, he is found to be very tan despite the fact that he says he stays out of the sun.
He notes that he has always been significantly more tan than anyone else in his family.
He mentions that over the last month he has been having difficulty breathing, especially after climbing stairs.
He also says that he has had similar episodes in the past, which were relieved with the use of inhaled bronchodilators, but recently the breathlessness has ceased to respond to them.
He also mentions frequent pain in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
On physical examination, his temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), the pulse is 96/min, the blood pressure is 124/82 mm Hg, and the respirations are 26/min.
Auscultation of the chest reveals wheezing bilaterally and a loud pulmonic component of the second heart sound.
Two-dimensional echocardiography shows a dilated right ventricle with increased wall thickness.
Right heart catheterization is performed, which indicates a pulmonary artery pressure of 30 mm Hg and a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 13 mm Hg.
There is a significant drop in pulmonary artery pressure after the administration of inhaled nitric oxide.
When it began, the pain was mild, but as time went on, it increased to a level at which the man found it difficult to breathe.
Two years ago, he was diagnosed with clear cell carcinoma of the kidney.
Vital signs include: pulse rate is 72/min, blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg, respiratory rate is 16/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
On physical examination, the trachea appears to have deviated to the left, respiratory movements are diminished, there is decreased resonance on percussion, and there is an absence of breath sounds over the right hemithorax.
The patient was born at 32 weeks due to placental insufficiency.
He was in the neonatal intensive care unit for 1 day to be placed on a respirator.
During prenatal testing, it was revealed that the mother was not immune to rubella, but she otherwise had an uncomplicated pregnancy.
She has no medical conditions and took only prenatal vitamins.
The patient has a 3-year-old sister who is healthy.
His father has a “heart condition.” The patient’s temperature is 98°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 91/55 mmHg, pulse is 207/min, and respirations are 50/min with an oxygen saturation of 97% on room air.
Physical examination is notable for pale conjunctiva.
Labs are obtained, as shown below:

Leukocyte count: 10,000/mm^3 with normal differential
Hemoglobin: 8.2 g/dL
Hematocrit: 28%
Mean corpuscular volume (MCV): 100 um^3
Platelet count: 300,000/mm^3
Reticulocyte count: 0.8% (normal range: 2-6%)
Lactate dehydrogenase: 120 U/L (normal range: 100-250 U/L)

A peripheral smear reveals normocytic and normochromic red blood cells.
He previously had pain when moving his shoulder, but the pain subsided a year ago and now he experiences the inability to fully flex, abduct, and rotate his left arm.
He had an injury to his left shoulder 10 years ago when he fell onto his arms and ‘stretched ligaments’.
He did not seek medical care and managed the pain with NSAIDs and rest.
He has diabetes mellitus that is well controlled with Metformin.
His blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, the heart rate is 81/min, the respiratory rate is 15/min, and the temperature is 36.6°C (97.9°F).
Physical examination reveals limitations of both active and passive abduction and external rotation in the left arm.
The range of motion in the right glenohumeral joint is normal.
The muscles of the left shoulder look less bulky than those of the right shoulder.
There is no change in shoulder muscle power bilaterally.
The reflexes and sensation on the upper extremities are normal.
The pain is retrosternal, 8 out of 10 in intensity, increases with respiration, and decreases while sitting upright and leaning forward.
He has nausea and myalgia.
He has not had fever or a cough.
He has asthma and was treated for bronchitis 6 months ago with azithromycin.
His mother has hypertension.
He uses an over-the-counter inhaler.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 130/84 mm Hg.
Breath sounds are normal.
Cardiac examination shows a high-pitched grating sound between S1 and S2.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Serum studies show:
Urea nitrogen 16 mg/dl
Glucose 103 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.7 mg/dL
Troponin I 0.230 ng/mL (N < 0.1 ng/mL)
An ECG shows diffuse ST elevations in all leads.
He has no history of skin problems.
He had an upper respiratory infection 4 days ago that resolved with acetaminophen and over-the-counter cold medication.
He has type I diabetes mellitus well-controlled with insulin.
He was also diagnosed with hypertension 3 weeks ago and treatment with captopril was initiated.
His temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 68/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 120/85 mm Hg.
Examination shows rashes at the waistline, trunk, and over the forearms.
A photograph of the right forearm is shown.
The rashes are nontender and blanch on pressure.
There is no lymphadenopathy or hepatosplenomegaly.
The pain is described as a dull ache that intensifies intermittently to an 8/10 in severity about 1-2 times a day.
It intensified about 2 weeks ago following a fall during a ski trip.
He reports that he noticed some pain at his buttocks and lower back following the fall but he wasn’t bothered by it.
Hot packs and Tylenol seem to alleviate the pain somewhat.
He denies lower extremity weakness, loss of sensation, fever, incontinence, or prior cancers; however, he reveals that his cousin was recently diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Physical examination demonstrates normal range of motion and diffuse tenderness at the L4/L5 region with no point tenderness or vertebral step-offs.
He was playing with his 3-year-old granddaughter when he suddenly fell down and was unresponsive for 1-minute.
He responded normally after regaining consciousness.
He has had episodes of mild chest pain and abdominal discomfort for the past 2 months, especially while working on his car.
He has hypertension treated with hydrochlorothiazide.
He appears alert.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 89/min and regular, and blood pressure is 110/88 mm Hg.
Examination shows a 3/6 late systolic murmur at the right sternal border that radiates to the carotids.
There is no swelling or erythema of the lower extremities.
Neurologic examination shows no focal findings.
He states that he has daytime sleepiness, having fallen asleep several times while driving his car recently.
He sometimes experiences very vivid dreams just before awakening.
You ask the patient's wife if she has witnessed any episodes where her husband lost all muscle tone and fell to the ground, and she confirms that he has not had this symptom.
The patient notes that this condition runs in his family, and he desperately asks for treatment.
The roommate says the patient has type 1 diabetes and takes her insulin regularly.
Her pulse is 110/min, the respiratory rate is 24/min, the temperature is 36.6°C (97.9°F), and the blood pressure is 95/65 mm Hg.
She is breathing heavily and gives irrelevant responses to questions.
Her skin and mucous membranes appear dry.
Her breath has a fruity smell to it.
Tendon reflexes are slightly delayed.
Currently, he avoids driving as he has trouble reading road signs.
He has no history of a serious illness and takes no medications.
The fundoscopic examination shows localized retinal elevation and drusen.
A description of the patient’s visual on the Amsler grid is shown.
Fluorescein angiography shows early hyperfluorescence.
She denies any discharge from her eyes.
She has no significant past medical or surgical history.
She takes multivitamins occasionally but denies use of any other medication.
On further questioning, she expresses her concerns about frequent dental caries for the past 2 years.
On examination, her temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg, pulse rate is 74/min, and respiratory rate is 16/min.
She is accompanied by her mother who reveals that the child is generally well but has been significantly less active than her peers for the past year.
On exam, the medical student notes a thin girl in no apparent distress appearing slightly younger than stated age.
Vital signs reveal a BP is 160/80, HR 80, RR 16.
Physical exam is notable only for a clicking sound is noted around the time of systole but otherwise the cardiac exam is normal.
Pedal pulses could not be palpated.
The pain is situated in the right upper quadrant, colicky, 8/10, and radiates to the tip of the right shoulder with no aggravating or relieving factors.
The pain is associated with nausea but no vomiting.
She tried to take over-the-counter antacids which relieved her pain to a certain extent, but not entirely.
She does not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol.
She has no past medical illness.
Her father died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 75, and her mother has diabetes controlled with medications.
Temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), blood pressure is 125/89 mm Hg, pulse is 104/min, respiratory rate is 20/min, and BMI is 29 kg/m2.
On abdominal examination, her abdomen is tender to shallow and deep palpation of the right upper quadrant.
Laboratory test
Complete blood count
Hemoglobin 13 g/dL
WBC 15,500/mm3
Platelets 145,000/mm3
Basic metabolic panel
Serum Na+   137 mEq/L
Serum K+ 3.6 mEq/L
Serum Cl-   95 mEq/L
Serum HCO3- 25 mEq/L
BUN   10 mg/dL
Serum creatinine        0.8 mg/dL
Liver function test
Total bilirubin   1.3 mg/dL
AST   52 U/L
ALT 60 U/L
Ultrasonography of the abdomen shows normal findings.
During the past week, she has also had fever and severe leg pain that wakes her up at night.
Her temperature is 38.3°C (100.9°F), pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 30/min.
Examination shows cervical and axillary lymphadenopathy.
The abdomen is soft and nontender; the liver is palpated 3 cm below the right costal margin, and the spleen is palpated 2 cm below the left costal margin.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.1 g/dL
Leukocyte count 63,000/mm3
Platelet count 27,000/mm3
A bone marrow aspirate predominantly shows immature cells that stain positive for CD10, CD19, and TdT.
She is concerned about having contracted a sexually transmitted disease.
Physical examination shows suprapubic tenderness.
Urinalysis shows a negative nitrite test and positive leukocyte esterases.
Urine culture grows organisms that show resistance to novobiocin on susceptibility testing.
He was born at home and appeared well initially; however, within 24 hours he became increasingly irritable and lethargic.
Furthermore, he stopped feeding and began to experience worsening tachypnea.
This continued for about 6 hours, at which point his parents noticed the convulsions and called for an ambulance.
He was last seen by the physician 5 years ago for anxiety, and he has been buying anti-anxiety medications from an internet website without a prescription as he cannot afford to pay for doctor’s visits.
Now, the patient notes that his anxiety is somewhat controlled, but motor difficulties are making it difficult for him to work and socialize.
Family history is unobtainable as his parents died in an accident when he was an infant.
He grew up in foster care and was always a bright child.
An MRI of the brain is ordered; it shows prominent atrophy of the caudate nucleus.
He has had a 5-kg (11-lb) weight loss over the last 3 months despite no changes in appetite.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F).
Physical examination shows enlarged cervical lymph nodes.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
The results of an interferon-γ release assay are positive.
An x-ray of the chest shows bilateral mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
A transbronchial needle aspiration biopsy of a mediastinal lymph node is performed; a photomicrograph of the specimen is shown.
She has not received any recommended vaccines since birth.
She attends daycare and remains healthy despite her daily association with several other children for the past 3 months at a home daycare facility.
The new antibiotic blocks protein synthesis by first entering the cell and then binding to active ribosomes.
The antibiotic mimics the structure of aminoacyl-tRNA.
The drug is covalently bonded to the existing growing peptide chain via peptidyl transferase, thereby impairing the rest of protein synthesis and leading to early polypeptide truncation.
He works as a computer game programmer.
His father died of a myocardial infarction at 37 years of age, and his mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
A photograph of the lesions is shown.
The nodules are firm, mobile, and nontender.
His father died of sudden cardiac arrest at the age of 36 years.
The patient appears well.
His pulse is 73/min and blood pressure is 125/78 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination is shown.
An ECG shows large R waves in the lateral leads and deep S waves in V1 and V2.
They picked him up from a local nightclub, where he was yelling and threatening to fight the staff.
A review of his medical record is unremarkable.
At the hospital, his behavior continues to be agitated and bizarre.
His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), the blood pressure is 162/98 mm Hg, the heart rate is 120/min, the respiratory rate is 18/min, and the oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
The physical exam is notable for agitation, but otherwise, he appears healthy.
His thin nasal mucosa oozes blood and his pupils are 2mm, equal, and reactive to light.
His speech is pressured and bizarre.
He insists the hospital should let him go because “I am in the FBI”.
Urine toxicology is sent to the laboratory for analysis.
He was last seen by the physician 5 years ago for anxiety and has been purchasing anti-anxiety medications from an internet website without a prescription because he cannot afford to pay for the office visits.
Now he says his anxiety is somewhat controlled, but the motor difficulties are making it difficult for him to work and socialize.
His family history is unknown because his parents died in an automobile accident when he was an infant.
He grew up in foster care and was always a bright child.
An MRI of the brain is ordered, which shows prominent atrophy of the caudate nucleus.
Since then, she has not returned to work.
Her daughter usually sleeps through the night, but the patient still has difficulty staying asleep.
She is easily distracted from normal daily tasks.
She used to enjoy cooking, but only orders delivery or take-out now.
She says that she always feels too exhausted to do so and does not feel hungry much anyway.
The pregnancy of the patient's child was complicated by gestational diabetes.
The child was born at 36-weeks' gestation and has had no medical issues.
The patient has no contact with the child's father.
She is not sexually active.
She does not smoke, drink alcohol, or use illicit drugs.
She is 157 cm (5 ft 1 in) tall and weighs 47 kg (105 lb); BMI is 20 kg/m2.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
She is alert and cooperative but makes little eye contact.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
It is worse when she holds her infant son and improves with the use of an ice pack.
Six months ago, she slipped on a wet floor and fell on her right outstretched hand.
Her mother takes methotrexate for chronic joint pain.
The patient takes ibuprofen as needed for her current symptoms.
Examination of the right hand shows tenderness over the radial styloid with swelling but no redness.
There is no crepitus.
Grasping her right thumb and exerting longitudinal traction toward the ulnar side elicits pain.
Range of motion of the finger joints is normal.
There is no swelling, redness, or tenderness of any other joints.
She does not take any medications.
She is 163 cm (5 ft 4 in) tall and weighs 85 kg (187 lb); BMI is 32 kg/m2.
Physical examination shows coarse dark hair on the upper lip and periumbilical and periareolar skin.
Her external genitalia appear normal.
Her serum follicle-stimulating hormone, luteinizing hormone, and testosterone are within the reference range.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
He thinks he might have briefly lost consciousness while he was trapped in a smoke-filled room before firefighters were able to free him 20 minutes later.
He reports headache, dizziness, and occasional cough.
He has no difficulty breathing, speaking, or swallowing.
He appears mildly uncomfortable and agitated.
His temperature is 36.4°C (97.5°F), pulse is 90/min, respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 155/68 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 92%.
Breath sounds are coarse.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He spends most of his time alone in his room because he believes he is being followed by the Secret Service.
He was fired from his job 3 months ago after threatening a colleague.
He appears suspicious of his surroundings and asks the doctor questions about “the security of the hospital.” The patient exhibits a flat affect.
During physical examination, he tells the doctor that he has a gun at home and plans to shoot his neighbor, whom he thinks is working for the Secret Service.
His past medical history is notable for diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and obesity.
He takes metformin, glyburide, aspirin, lisinopril, and metoprolol.
He has a 40 pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol socially.
His temperature is 99.1°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 150/65 mmHg, pulse is 75/min, and respirations are 20/min.
Physical examination reveals bilateral rales at the lung bases and 1+ edema in the bilateral legs.
The physician decides to start the patient on an additional diuretic but warns the patient about an increased risk of breast enlargement.
This morning her stool had a red tint.
She and her parents visited a circus 1 week ago.
The patient attends daycare.
Her immunizations are up-to-date.
Her temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), pulse is 140/min, and blood pressure is 80/45 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows soft abdomen that is tender to palpation in the right lower quadrant with rebound.
Stool culture grows Yersinia enterocolitica.
His wife reports that he might have swallowed a fishbone.
While taking his history the patient develops a paroxysmal cough.
Visualization of his oropharynx and larynx shows a fishbone lodged in the right piriform recess.
After successfully removing the fishbone the patient feels comfortable, but he is not able to cough like before.
He states he is married and monogamous.
He has a temperature of 39.4°C (102.9°F) and complains of night sweats as well.
On physical exam, he has an enlarged spleen with mild tenderness and pale nail beds.
There is mild tonsillar erythema and the pulmonary exam demonstrates scattered crackles.
A complete blood count demonstrates anemia, thrombocytopenia, and leukocytosis with lymphocytic predominance.
A bone marrow aspiration is scheduled the next morning based on the peripheral blood smear findings but was inconclusive due to a low yield.
The patient was admitted to the hospital due to the anemia and given a transfusion of packed red blood cells and wide spectrum antibiotics.
He is released home the next day with instructions for primary care follow-up.
Initially, the vomit was yellowish in color, but after the first couple of episodes it was streaked with blood.
He had 2 episodes of vomiting that contained streaks of frank blood on the way to the hospital.
He has been hospitalized twice in the past year for acute pancreatitis.
He drinks 2 pints of vodka daily but had over 4 pints during the past 12 hours.
He takes naproxen for his 'hangovers.'
He appears uncomfortable.
His temperature is 37°C (99.1°F), pulse is 105/min, and blood pressure is 110/68 mm Hg.
Examination shows dry mucous membranes and a tremor of his hands.
The abdomen is soft and shows tenderness to palpation in the epigastric region; there is no organomegaly.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Rectal examination is unremarkable.
His hemoglobin concentration is 11.3 g/dL and hematocrit concentration is 40%.
She has never had a menstrual period.
She is actively involved in her school's track and field team.
She is 173 cm (5 ft 8 in) tall and weighs 54 kg (120 lb); BMI is 18 kg/m2.
Her breast and pubic hair development are at Tanner stage 5.
He has occasional abdominal pain and fever.
This condition makes studying difficult.
He has tried omeprazole and dietary changes with no improvement.
Past medical history is significant for occasional pain in the wrists and knees for several years.
He takes ibuprofen for pain relief.
His temperature is 38°C (100.4°F).
On mental status examination, short-term memory is impaired.
Attention and concentration are reduced.
Examination shows no abnormalities or tenderness of the wrists or knees.
There are no abnormalities on heart and lung examinations.
Abdominal examination is normal.
Upper endoscopy shows normal stomach mucosa but in the duodenum, there is pale yellow mucosa with erythema and ulcerations.
Biopsies show infiltration of the lamina propria with periodic acid-Schiff (PAS)-positive macrophages.
Last week, she had a sore throat and a low-grade fever.
She has coughed up white sputum each morning for the past 2 years.
She has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
She has smoked 2 packs of cigarettes daily for 35 years.
Current medications include metformin and lisinopril.
On examination, she occasionally has to catch her breath between sentences.
Her temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 85/min, respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 140/70 mm Hg.
Expiratory wheezes with a prolonged expiratory phase are heard over both lung fields.
Arterial blood gas analysis on room air shows:
pH 7.33
PCO2 53 mm Hg
PO2 68 mm Hg
An x-ray of the chest shows hyperinflation of bilateral lung fields and flattening of the diaphragm.
Last year she had a progestin-releasing intrauterine device placed.
Menarche occurred at the age of 10 years.
She became sexually active at the age of 14 years.
Her mother had breast cancer at the age of 51 years.
She is 165 cm (5 ft 5 in) tall and weighs 79 kg (174 lb); BMI is 29 kg/m2.
Examination shows mild facial acne.
A Pap smear shows high-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia.
She was diagnosed with familial adenomatous polyposis at the age of 13 years.
Last year, her flexible sigmoidoscopy showed 12 adenomatous polyps (< 6 mm) that were removed endoscopically.
Her father and her paternal grandmother were diagnosed with colon cancer at the age of 37 and 39 years, respectively.
The patient appears nervous but otherwise well.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows no abnormalities.
A complete blood count and serum concentrations of electrolytes, urea nitrogen, and creatinine are within the reference range.
A colonoscopy shows hundreds of diffuse 4–9 mm adenomatous polyps covering the colon and > 30 rectal adenomas.
Each position can be made up of any 4 nucleotides (A, U, G, C); therefore, there are a total of 64 (4 x 4 x 4) different codons that can be created but they only code for 20 amino acids.
This is explained by the wobble phenomenon.
He conducts a randomized controlled trial in 900 patients, with half of participants assigned to each experimental group.
The researcher ultimately finds similar rates of fractures in the two groups.
He then notices that he had forgotten to include 400 patients in his analysis.
She says that she has been pregnant since she was 20 years old and is expecting a baby now that she is breathing much harder and feeling more faint with chest pain caused by deep breaths.
Her hospital medical record shows multiple negative pregnancy tests over the past 5 years.
The patient has a 20 pack-year smoking history.
Her temperature is 98°F (37°C), blood pressure is 100/60 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, respirations are 28/min, and oxygen saturation is 90% on room air.
Her fingerstick glucose is 100 mg/dL.
She has a large abdominal pannus which is soft and nontender.
Her legs are symmetric and non-tender.
Oxygen is provided via nasal cannula.
Her urine pregnancy test comes back positive and an initial chest radiograph is unremarkable.
Over the past month, he has had a 5.0-kg (11-lb) weight loss.
He has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Eight months ago, he underwent a kidney transplantation.
The patient does not smoke.
His current medications include lisinopril, insulin, prednisone, and mycophenolate mofetil.
His temperature is 38.9°C (102.1°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 152/92 mm Hg.
Rhonchi are heard at the right lower lobe of the lung on auscultation.
There is a small ulceration on the left forearm.
An x-ray of the chest shows a right lung mass with lobar consolidation.
Antibiotic therapy with levofloxacin is started.
Three days later, the patient has a seizure and difficulty coordinating movements with his left hand.
An MRI of the brain shows an intraparenchymal lesion with peripheral ring enhancement.
Bronchoscopy with bronchoalveolar lavage yields weakly acid-fast, gram-positive bacteria with branching, filamentous shapes.
During his follow up visit he complains of nausea and abdominal pain.
He has been taking all of his medications as prescribed.
He has a history of alcohol abuse and his last drink was one year ago.
He does not smoke cigarettes and lives at home with his wife.
On physical examination temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 115/80 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 18/min, and pulse oximetry is 99% on room air.
He has scleral icterus and a positive fluid wave.
Liver function tests are as follows:

Alkaline phosphatase: 110 U/L
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST, GOT): 100 U/L
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT, GPT): 120 U/L
Bilirubin total: 2.2 mg/dL

Liver biopsy shows mixed dense interstitial lymphocytic infiltrates in the portal triad.
The patient is febrile, hypotensive, and tachycardic, and is rushed to the OR for exploratory laporotomy.
Surgery reveals that the patient has a perforated gastric ulcer.
Despite appropriate therapy, the patient expires, and subsequent autopsy reveals multiple ulcers in the stomach, duodenum, and jejunum.
The patient had been complaining of abdominal pain and diarrhea for several months but had only been taking ibuprofen for his lower back pain for the past 3 weeks.
The pain is most severe early in the day and does not respond to ibuprofen.
She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows swelling and tenderness of the wrists and metacarpophalangeal joints bilaterally.
Range of motion is decreased due to pain.
There are subcutaneous, nontender, firm, mobile nodules on the extensor surface of the forearm.
She is also complaining of nausea, malaise, and moderate weight gain.
She developed these symptoms gradually over the past 2 weeks.
She reports no respiratory or cardiovascular disorders.
Her last menstruation was about 6 weeks ago.
She has one sexual partner and uses a natural planning method for contraception.
Her vital signs include: blood pressure 110/70 mm Hg, heart rate 92/min, respiratory rate 14/min, and temperature 37.2℃ (99℉).
The physical examination shows non-painful breast engorgement and nipple hyperpigmentation.
There is no neck enlargement and no palpable nodules in the thyroid gland.
The urine beta-hCG is positive.
Complete history reveals his father died in his 40's after an intracranial hemorrhage and two of his father's five siblings have also had recurrent nosebleeds.
The patient reports it developed gradually over the past 4 months.
The edema is worse in the evening and improves after sleeping at night or napping during the day.
There are no associated pain or sensitivity changes.
The patient also notes dyspnea on usual exertion such as working at his garden.
The patient has a history of a STEMI myocardial infarction 9 months ago treated with thrombolysis with an unremarkable postprocedural course.
His current medications include atorvastatin 10 mg, aspirin 81 mg, and metoprolol 50 mg daily.
He works as a barber at a barbershop, has a 16-pack-year history of smoking, and consumes alcohol in moderation.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 130/80 mm Hg, heart rate 63/min, respiratory rate 14/min, and temperature 36.8℃ (98.2℉).
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
Cardiac examination shows dubious S3 and a soft grade 1/6 systolic murmur best heard at the apex of the heart.
Abdominal examination reveals hepatic margin 1 cm below the costal margin.
There is a 2+ bilateral pitting lower leg edema.
The skin over the edema is pale with no signs of any lesions.
There is no facial or flank edema.
The thyroid gland is not enlarged.
The patient’s past medical history reveals hypertension and type 1 diabetes.
She is currently on an insulin pump and medications for hypertension including labetalol.
Her blood pressure is 130/85 mm Hg; pulse, 76/min; and BMI, 26 kg/m2.
Her most recent HbA1c is 6.5%.
Her previous pregnancies ended in spontaneous abortion during the 1st trimester despite adequate prenatal care.
The patient intends to have a healthy pregnancy and desires to learn more about the risk factors that potentially trigger miscarriage.
She has hypertension and congestive heart failure.
Her pulse is 124/min, and blood pressure is 130/85 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination shows an irregularly irregular rhythm without any murmurs.
An ECG shows a narrow-complex tachycardia without P waves.
The patient is prescribed a prophylactic medication that can be reversed with idarucizumab.
To determine how well her cell-mediated immunity is performing, a Candida skin injection is administered.
After 48 hours, there is no evidence of induration at the injection site.
He has a history of stable angina, gout, and hypertension.
His medications include lisinopril and aspirin.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 20 years.
He drinks 5–6 beers on the weekends.
His blood pressure is 150/85 mm Hg.
Laboratory studies show a total cholesterol of 276 mg/dL with an elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) concentration and low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) concentration.
She tells the physician that she developed Sjögren’s syndrome when she was her daughter’s age, and that she is concerned about her daughter developing the same condition.
The girl appears to be in good health, with no signs or symptoms of the disease or pathology.
He reports a four-month history of crampy epigastric pain that improves with meals.
His past medical history is significant for hypertension that has been well controlled by lisinopril.
He does not smoke and drinks alcohol occasionally.
His family history is notable for a maternal uncle with acromegaly and a maternal grandfather with parathyroid adenoma requiring surgical resection.
Based on clinical suspicion laboratory serum analysis is obtained and shows abnormal elevation of a peptide.
While the cells are actively proliferating, the investigators stop the bacterial cell cycle during S phase and isolate an enzyme involved in DNA replication.
An assay of the enzyme's exonuclease activity determines that it is active on both intact and demethylated thymine nucleotides.
There is no family history of serious illness.
She does not smoke.
She takes diethylpropion to control her appetite and, as a result, has had a 4.5-kg (10-lb) weight loss during the past 5 months.
She is 163 cm (5 ft 4 in) tall and weighs 115 kg (254 lb); BMI is 44 kg/m2.
Her pulse is 83/min and blood pressure is 125/85 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination shows a loud pulmonary component of the S2.
Abdominal examination shows no abnormalities.
500 men and 500 women with known malaria exposure are selected to participate in the study.
Participants with G6PD deficiency are excluded from the study.
The clinical records of the study subjects are reviewed and their peripheral blood smears are evaluated for the presence of Plasmodium trophozoites.
Results show that 9% of the exposed population does not have clinical or laboratory evidence of malaria infection.
The patient mentions that while he was cooking 5 days ago, he accidentally cut himself with a meat cleaver and lost the skin at the tip of his finger.
After applying pressure and ice, the bleeding stopped and he did not seek treatment.
The patient is otherwise healthy and does not take any daily medications.
The patient’s temperature is 98.2°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 114/72 mmHg, pulse is 60/min, and respirations are 12/min.
On exam, the patient demonstrates a 0.5 x 0.3 cm wound on the tip of his left third finger.
No bone is involved, and the wound is red, soft, and painless.
There are no signs of infection.
She has had no nausea, vomiting, or change in weight.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies are within normal limits.
Abdominal ultrasonography shows a hyperechogenic rim-like calcification of the gallbladder wall.
The lesion is 1.1 mm thick.
He has not seen a physician for 10 years.
He works as a telemarketer and does not exercise.
Cardiac examination shows a dull, low-pitched sound during late diastole that is best heard at the apex.
The sound is loudest in the left lateral decubitus position and during end-expiration.
She has no dysuria, dyspareunia, pruritus, or burning.
The patient is sexually active with two male partners and uses condoms inconsistently.
She often douches between sexual intercourse.
Pelvic examination shows thin and off-white vaginal discharge.
The pH of the discharge is 5.1.
Wet mount exam shows a quarter of her vaginal epithelial cells are covered with small coccobacilli.
Six weeks ago, he had an episode of fever, joint pain, swollen lymph nodes, and an itchy rash on his trunk and extremities that persisted for 1 to 2 days.
He returned from a backpacking trip to Colombia two months ago.
His temperature is 39°C (101.8°F).
Physical examination shows scleral icterus.
She has also had fatigue, heartburn, and diarrhea for 4 months.
The stools are foul-smelling and do not flush easily.
Over the past 4 months, she has had a 2.2-kg (5-lb) weight loss.
Her only medication is an over-the-counter antacid.
Her mother has autoimmune thyroid disease and Crohn disease.
She is 150 cm (4 ft 11 in) tall and weighs 43 kg (95 lb); BMI is 19.1 kg/m2.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows a wide-based gait.
Muscle strength and tone are normal in all extremities.
Rapid alternating movement of the hands is impaired.
The abdomen is soft and there is mild tenderness to palpation in the epigastric area.
Her hemoglobin concentration is 11.1 mg/dL, and levels of vitamin E and vitamin D are decreased.
Upper endoscopy shows several ulcers in the gastric antrum and the descending duodenum.
Physical examination shows left-sided numbness.
A CT scan of her head shows a large intraparenchymal hemorrhage.
Despite appropriate treatment, the patient dies.
Autopsy shows multiple small aneurysms of the lenticulostriate arteries of the brain and bilateral hyperplasia of the adrenal glands, limited to the zona glomerulosa.
The pain is situated in the right upper quadrant and is sharp in nature with a score of 8/10 and radiates to tip of the right scapula.
He also complains of anorexia and nausea over the past 2 days.
He has been admitted into the hospital several times for pain episodes involving his legs, hands, thighs, lower back, and abdomen.
His last hospital admission was 4 months ago for acute chest pain, and he was treated with antibiotics, analgesics, and intravenous fluid.
He takes hydroxyurea with occasional red blood cell exchange.
Both of his parents are in good health.
Temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), blood pressure is 133/88 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, respiratory rate is 20/min, and BMI is 18 kg/m2.
On examination, he is in pain with a tender abdomen with painful inspiration.
Soft palpation of the right upper quadrant causes the patient to cry out in pain.
Laboratory test
Complete blood count
Hemoglobin 8.5 g/dL
MCV 82 fl
Leukocytes 13,500/mm3
Platelets 145,000/mm3
Basic metabolic panel
Serum Na+ 135 mEq/L
Serum K+ 3.9 mEq/L
Serum Cl- 101 mEq/L
Serum HCO3- 23 mEq/L
Liver function test
Serum bilirubin 2.8 mg/dL
Direct bilirubin 0.8 mg/dL
AST
30 U/L
ALT 35 U/L
Serum haptoglobin 23 mg/dL (41–165 mg/dL)
Ultrasonography of abdomen shows the following image.
She says her average menstrual cycle lasts 36 days and states that she has heavy menstrual bleeding.
She had her menarche at the age of 13 years.
Her blood pressure is 125/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 79/min, respiratory rate is 14/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F).
Her body weight is 101.0 kg (222.7 lb) and height is 170 cm (5 ft 7 in).
Physical examination shows papular acne on her forehead and cheeks.
There are dark hairs present on her upper lip, periareolar region, linea alba, and hips, as well as darkening of the skin on the axilla and posterior neck.
He has also had a 4.5-kg (10-lb) weight loss and fatigue during the last 6 months.
Physical examination shows enlarged lymph nodes in the right axilla and faint expiratory wheezing in the right middle lung field.
He is only oriented to person.
Serum studies show a sodium concentration of 125 mEq/L and increased antidiuretic hormone concentration.
An x-ray of the chest shows a right-sided hilar mass with mediastinal fullness.
The patches began to appear 3 years ago and have been gradually increasing in size since.
There is no associated itchiness, redness, numbness, or pain.
She emigrated from India 2 years ago.
An image of the lesions on her face is shown.
The parents report that the boy had no health problems at birth but developed respiratory problems as an infant that have continued throughout his life, including recurrent pulmonary infections.
Vital signs include: temperature of 37.5ºC (99.5ºF), pulse of 105/min, respiratory rate of 34/min, and SpO2 of 87%.
Physical examination shows digital clubbing and cyanosis.
Chest X-rays show hyperinflation of the lungs and chronic interstitial changes.
The boy’s FEV1/FVC ratio is decreased, and his FRC is increased.
The resident reviewing his case is studying new gene therapies for this boy’s condition that will reintroduce the gene for which this boy is defective.
An important component of this therapy is identifying a vector for the selective introduction of the replacement gene into the human body.
She has had these pains in the past but access to a doctor was not readily available in her remote village back home.
She and her family have recently moved to the United States.
She is seen walking to her stretcher with a broad-based gait.
Ophthalmic examination shows an absent pupillary light reflex, and pupillary constriction with accommodation and convergence.
Two weeks ago, he was treated in the emergency department for head trauma after being hit by a bicycle while crossing the street.
Neurological examination shows decreased taste on the right anterior tongue.
He has had an ulcer on his left great toe for over eight months.
He noticed increasing drainage from the ulcer over the past week.
His past medical history is notable for diabetes mellitus on insulin complicated by peripheral neuropathy and retinopathy.
His most recent hemoglobin A1c was 9.4%.
He has a 25 pack-year smoking history.
He has multiple sexual partners and does not use condoms.
His temperature is 100.8°F (38.2°C), blood pressure is 150/70 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 18/min.
Physical examination reveals a 1 cm ulcer on the plantar aspect of the left great toe surrounded by an edematous and erythematous ring.
Exposed bone can be palpated with a probe.
There are multiple small cuts and bruises on both feet.
A bone biopsy reveals abundant gram-negative rods that do not ferment lactose.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 38 years.
Auscultation of the lungs shows wheezing in the right lung field.
An x-ray of the chest shows an irregular lesion with a central cavity in the proximal right lung.
A lung biopsy shows malignant cells that express desmoglein and stain positive for cytokeratin.
Her husband states that she initially complained of abdominal pain, diarrhea, and fatigue after eating.
She has vomited 3 times and progressively became more confused.
Her past medical history is notable for morbid obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, a sleeve gastrectomy 1 month ago, and depression with multiple suicide attempts.
Her temperature is 98.0°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 104/54 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Her physical exam is notable for generalized confusion.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
His pulse is 55/min, respirations are 30/min, and blood pressure is 90/50 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows diaphoresis and jugular venous distention.
Crackles are heard in both lower lung fields.
An ECG shows P waves independent of QRS complexes and ST segment elevation in leads II, III, and aVF.
The parents report that the rash has been present for several weeks.
They state that the rash is sometimes red and scaly, especially when it is cold.
The patient was born at 36 weeks' gestation and has generally been healthy since.
His father has psoriasis.
The patient appears comfortable.
Examination shows several erythematous patches on the scalp, forehead, and along the hairline.
Some patches are covered by greasy yellow scales.
She is sexually active.
Urine cultures show gram-positive bacteria in clusters that are catalase-positive and coagulase-negative.
The patient is started on trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
He states he has experienced a sustained sensation of the room spinning that is low grade and constant since this morning.
The patient occasionally feels nauseous and has been taking diphenydramine to sleep which helps with his symptoms.
The patient is generally healthy, has no other medical conditions, and only endorses eating more garlic recently to get over a cold he had a few days ago.
His temperature is 98.7°F (37.1°C), blood pressure is 122/81 mmHg, pulse is 82/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a healthy man.
The patient is sat upright, his head is turned slightly to the right, and he is laid back flat rapidly.
This does not provoke any symptoms even when repeated on the left side.
A nystagmus is notable on cranial nerve exam as well as bilateral decreased hearing.
The patient’s tandem gait is unstable; however, his baseline gait appears unremarkable despite the patient stating he has a sustained sensation of imbalance.
He reports waking up frequently during the night because he feels an urge to move his legs, and he has a similar feeling when watching television before bed.
The urge is relieved by walking around or rubbing his legs.
The patient’s wife also notes that she sometimes sees him moving his legs in his sleep and is sometimes awoken by him.
Due to his recent sleep troubles, the patient has started to drink more coffee throughout the day to stay awake and reports having up to 3 cups daily.
The patient has a past medical history of hypertension and obesity but states that he has lost 10 pounds in the last 3 months without changing his lifestyle.
He is currently on hydrochlorothiazide and a multivitamin.
His last colonoscopy was when he turned 50, and he has a family history of type II diabetes and dementia.
At this visit, his temperature is 99.1°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 134/81 mmHg, pulse is 82/min, and respirations are 14/min.
On exam, his sclerae are slightly pale.
Cardiovascular and pulmonary exams are normal, and his abdomen is soft and nontender.
Neurologic exam reveals 2+ reflexes in the bilateral patellae and 5/5 strength in all extremities.
He has had 3–4 episodes of vomiting during this period.
Over the last year, he has had frequent episodes of abdominal pain at night that were relieved by eating.
He underwent a right shoulder surgery 6 weeks ago.
He has no history of serious illness.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 14 years.
He drinks one to two beers daily.
He has a history of illicit drug use, but has not used for the past 15 years.
He is sexually active with three female partners and uses condoms inconsistently.
His only medication is daily naproxen.
He returned from a 2-week vacation to Mexico one month ago.
He appears uncomfortable.
His temperature is 39.5°C (103.1°F), pulse is 90/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows a soft abdomen with mild tenderness to palpation in the right upper quadrant.
Bowel sounds are normal.
Rectal examination is unremarkable.
Test of the stool for occult blood is positive.
His hemoglobin concentration is 13.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 23,100/mm3, and platelet count is 230,000/mm3.
Abdominal ultrasound shows a 2-cm hypoechoic lesion with some internal echoes in an otherwise normal looking liver.
She has had generalized fatigue and shortness of breath over the past 2 months.
She has also had a tingling sensation in her toes for the past month.
Three years ago, she was treated for gonorrhea.
She follows a strict vegan diet since the age of 13 years.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 111/min, and blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg.
Examination shows pale conjunctivae and a shiny tongue.
Muscle tone and strength is normal.
Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally.
Sensation to vibration and position is decreased over the upper and lower extremities.
When asked to stand, hold her arms in front of her, and close her eyes, she loses her balance and takes a step backward.
She is currently sexually active with one male partner, and they have not been using any contraception.
She has no significant past medical history and takes no medications.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 15 years.
She is allergic to latex and copper.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
Forty-five minutes ago, he fell and struck his head, resulting in loss of consciousness for 1 minute.
After regaining consciousness, he felt well for 15 minutes before the headache began.
On arrival, the patient becomes rigid and his eyes deviate to the right; he is incontinent of urine.
Intravenous lorazepam is administered and the rigidity resolves.
He is intubated, mechanically ventilated, and a central line is inserted.
Vasopressin and noradrenaline infusions are begun.
A Foley catheter is placed.
Six days later, he has high unrelenting fevers.
He is currently receiving noradrenaline via an infusion pump.
His temperature is 39.6° (102.3°F), pulse is 113/min, and blood pressure is 90/50 mm Hg.
Examination shows a sternal wound with surrounding erythema; there is no discharge from the wound.
Crackles are heard at both lung bases.
Cardiac examination shows an S3 gallop.
Abdominal examination shows no abnormalities.
A Foley catheter is present.
His hemoglobin concentration is 10.8 g/dL, leukocyte count is 21,700/mm3, and platelet count is 165,000/mm3.
Samples for blood culture are drawn simultaneously from the central line and peripheral IV line.
Blood cultures from the central line show coagulase-negative cocci in clusters on the 8th postoperative day, and those from the peripheral venous line show coagulase-negative cocci in clusters on the 10th postoperative day.
The episodes start abruptly and last a few seconds.
During that time he does not hear anyone’s voice or make any purposeful movements.
When the episodes end, he continues what he was doing before the spell.
He does not lose his posture or fall to the ground.
Episodes occur multiple times during the day.
Physical examination shows no abnormal findings.
An EEG following hyperventilation shows 3 Hz spike-and-slow-wave discharges.
Her husband also reports that she has been withdrawn and apathetic during this period.
She is oriented to time, place, and person.
Examination shows a bimanual, rhythmic, low-frequency tremor that is more prominent in the left hand.
There is normal range of motion in the arms and legs; active movements are very slow.
Muscle strength is normal, and there is increased resistance to passive flexion and extension in the limbs.
She walks with a shuffling gait and takes small steps.
He says that he complains of headache and nausea attributed to running.
He is breathing comfortably.
She has had a 4-kg (8.8-lb) weight gain during this time.
Her blood pressure is 150/88 mm Hg.
Examination shows periorbital edema and 2+ pretibial edema bilaterally.
A 24-hour collection of urine shows 4.0 g of proteinuria.
Microscopic examination of a kidney biopsy specimen shows thickening of the glomerular basement membrane.
Electron microscopy shows dense subepithelial deposits.
During this period, he has had intermittent nausea and has vomited once.
The patient has no cough, hoarseness, or rhinorrhea.
He had similar symptoms at the age of 5 years that resolved spontaneously.
He is otherwise healthy.
His temperature is 37.9°C (100.2°F), pulse is 85/min, and blood pressure is 108/70 mm Hg.
Head and neck examination shows an erythematous pharynx with grayish exudates overlying the palatine tonsils.
There is no lymphadenopathy.
Rapid antigen detection test for group A streptococci is negative.
He is out of breath and cannot string a sentence together.
The emergency technician suggests that the man tried his tiotropium inhaler multiple times without success.
The patient's vitals are as follows: afebrile, BP 90/60, HR 120, RR 24.
Oxygen saturation is 90%.
An EKG is obtained that shows narrow-complex tachycardia with irregular P waves preceding each QRS complex and irregular PR intervals.
She began to walk at 12 months and continues to have difficulty standing still without support.
She also appears to have difficulty grabbing objects in front of her.
Over the past year, she has had 5 episodes of sinusitis requiring antibiotic treatment and was hospitalized twice for bacterial pneumonia.
Physical examination shows an unstable, narrow-based gait and several hyperpigmented skin patches.
Serum studies show decreased levels of IgA and IgG and an increased level of alpha-fetoprotein.
She reports that over the past 2 months, she has felt increasingly tired despite no changes in her diet or exercise.
Her past medical history is notable for obesity, seasonal allergies, and hypertension.
She takes ranitidine as needed and hydrochlorothiazide daily.
Her family history is notable for colorectal cancer in her mother and maternal uncle, endometrial cancer in her maternal aunt, and ovarian cancer in her maternal grandmother.
Her temperature is 98.8°F (37.1°C), blood pressure is 132/71 mmHg, pulse is 89/min, and respirations are 17/min.
On exam, she has conjunctival pallor.
A stool sample is hemoccult positive.
A colonoscopy reveals a fungating hemorrhagic mass in the ascending colon.
She reports that she has had frequent headaches and dizziness recently.
Pregnancy and delivery of her first child were uncomplicated.
There is no personal or family history of serious illness.
Medications include folic acid and a multivitamin.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 90/min, and blood pressure is 170/100 mm Hg.
Pelvic examination shows a uterus consistent in size with a 32-week gestation.
Physical examination shows 2+ edema in the lower extremities.
Bronchoscopy with transbronchial biopsy is performed and a specimen sample of the nodule is sent for frozen section analysis.
She has also had swelling and pain in the index and middle fingers of both hands and wrist joints over the past 5 months.
She has had multiple dental treatments for oral infections over the past year.
She has type 2 diabetes mellitus and eczema.
Her sister has vitiligo.
Current medications include metformin and a daily multivitamin.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows lichenified lesions over her wrists and knees.
Bilateral wrist and first metacarpophalengeal joints show swelling and tenderness; range of motion is limited by pain.
Oropharyngeal examination shows dry mucous membranes and multiple dental caries.
Ophthalmologic examination is slightly decreased in both eyes.
There are multiple corneal punctate spots on fluorescein staining.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.7 g/dL
Leukocyte count 4,100/mm3
Platelet count 155,000/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 48 mm/h
Serum
Creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
Anti-nuclear antibody positive
Rheumatoid factor positive
Urinalysis is within normal limits.
He says he noticed that his face appeared twisted when he looked in the bathroom mirror this morning.
He is otherwise well and does not have any other complaints.
He denies any facial pain or paresthesia.
No significant past medical history.
The patient is afebrile and vital signs are within normal limits.
Neurological examination reveals difficulty shutting the right eye tight and inability to bring up the right corner of his mouth when asked to smile.
Remainder of the exam, including the left side of the face, is unremarkable.
Routine first trimester screening shows increased nuchal translucency, decreased β-hCG concentration, and decreased levels of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A. Amniocentesis shows trisomy of chromosome 13.
The physical examination revealed an intra-testicular solid mass that could not be felt separately from the testis.
After a thorough evaluation, he was diagnosed with testicular seminoma.
He feels well.
He is 173 cm (5 ft 8 in) tall and weighs 84 kg (185 lb); BMI is 28 kg/m2.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Serum lipid studies show:
Total cholesterol 280 mg/dL
HDL-cholesterol 30 mg/dL
LDL-cholesterol 195 mg/dL
Triglycerides 275 mg/dL
Treatment with atorvastatin and cholestyramine is initiated.
Two days ago, he developed several painful oral lesions and difficulty swallowing.
He underwent kidney transplantation 3 years ago.
His temperature is 38.2°C (100.7°F).
Physical examination shows bilateral rales, hepatosplenomegaly, and multiple 1–2 cm ulcerative lesions with raised borders in the oral mucosa.
A photomicrograph of a liver biopsy specimen is shown.
After a meticulous history and physical, he found that the patient had recently been on vacation and tried a new sunscreen purchased overseas.
The sunscreen contained several chemicals that he was unfamiliar with and after extensive research and consultation with several of his colleagues determined that this was a novel reaction.
With the patient’s permission, he decided to write an article that described the main symptoms observed and other findings, how he treated the patient and the follow-up care.
His manuscript was published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal.
The discoloration first appeared on his face and then spread to his trunk.
There have been no changes in his bowel habits or urination.
He was born at 38 weeks’ gestation via uncomplicated vaginal delivery.
He is exclusively breastfed every 2–3 hours.
Examination shows scleral icterus and jaundice of the face, chest, and abdomen.
She previously had been compliant with her diet and medication but has had a 5-kg (11-lb) weight gain since the last visit 6 months ago.
She reports that she often misses doses of her metformin.
Her hemoglobin A1c is 9.8%.
He has no new concerns but wants to make sure that his hypertension and diabetes are properly controlled.
His past medical history is otherwise unremarkable and his only medications are metformin and lisinopril.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes per day since he was 16 years of age and drinks 3 beers per night.
Physical exam is remarkable for a murmur best heard in the 5th intercostal space at the left mid-clavicular line.
The murmur is high-pitched and blowing in character and can be heard throughout systole.
He has been making inappropriate comments and jokes while talking to friends and family members.
He was arrested 3 weeks ago while trying to kiss strangers on the street.
He has no interest in talking to his daughter or playing with his grandchildren.
During this period, he has developed a strong desire for chocolate pudding and potato chips and has gained 10 kg (22 lb).
He appears unkempt.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
Mental status examination shows apathy and a blunt affect.
He avoids answering questions and instead comments on the individuals he saw in the waiting room.
Mini-Mental State Examination score is 28/30.
A complete blood count and serum concentrations of glucose, creatine, and electrolytes are within the reference range.
She needs support from a wall to prevent herself from falling.
She has not had any recent injuries and has no history of serious illness.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows an unsteady gait.
She sways when asked to stand upright with her feet together.
She is unable to hear fingers rubbing next to her ears or repeat words whispered in her ears bilaterally.
An MRI of the brain shows a 3-cm tumor in the right cerebellopontine angle and a 4.5-cm tumor in the left cerebellopontine angle.
They design a study with a prospective cohort of 1,000 smokers between the ages of 20-30.
The length of the study is five years.
After the study period ends, they conclude that there is no relationship between smoking and lung cancer.
He notices that it comes out when he coughs and strains during bowel movements.
He is able to push the bulge back in without issue.
After examination, you realize that he has an inguinal hernia and recommend open repair with mesh placement.
After surgery, the patient returns to clinic and complains of numbness and tingling in the upper part of the scrotum and base of the penis.
She loses small amounts of urine without warning after coughing or sneezing.
She also sometimes forgets the names of her relatives.
She is retired and lives at an assisted-living facility.
She has type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Her older sister recently received a ventriculoperitoneal shunt.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Medications include metformin and enalapril.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
She walks without any problems.
Sensation to pinprick and light touch is normal.
He has had progressive dyspnea on exertion for the past 2 months.
Twelve years ago, he received a porcine valve replacement for severe mitral valve regurgitation.
He has coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypertension.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 60 years and drinks one beer daily.
Current medications include aspirin, simvastatin, ramipril, metoprolol, metformin, and hydrochlorothiazide.
He appears pale.
He is 179 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 127 kg (279.9 lb); BMI is 41.3 kg/m2.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.9°F), respirations are 22/min, pulse is 96/min, and blood pressure is 146/94 mm Hg.
Bilateral basilar rales are heard on auscultation of the lungs.
Cardiac examination shows a laterally displaced apical heartbeat.
A grade 3/6, decrescendo-crescendo diastolic murmur is heard over the apex.
There is bilateral pitting edema of the feet and ankles.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
The patient says symptoms onset acutely 3 days ago and have progressively worsened.
She denies any history of cough, nasal congestion or rhinorrhea.
No significant past medical history or current medications.
The vital signs include: temperature 37.7°C (99.9°F), blood pressure 110/70 mm Hg, pulse 74/min, respiratory rate 20/min, and oxygen saturation 99% on room air.
Physical examination is significant for anterior cervical lymphadenopathy.
There is edema of the oropharynx and tonsillar swelling but no tonsillar exudate.
She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
Pelvic ultrasound shows a thickened endometrial stripe and a left adnexal mass.
Endometrial biopsy shows a well-differentiated adenocarcinoma.
Laboratory studies show increased levels of inhibin B.
It started about a week ago but has particularly localized to his wrist.
The patient states that he has 2 sexual partners.
He states he has also had some white discharge from his penis with pruritis and pain during urination.
His temperature is 97.6°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 124/84 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam reveals pain upon palpation of the patient's left wrist which also appears erythematous and swollen.
He has a history of type 1 diabetes mellitus, multiple middle ear infections as a child, and infectious mononucleosis in high school.
He currently smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a glass of wine per day, and denies any illicit drug use.
The vital signs include: temperature 36.7°C (98.0°F), blood pressure 126/74 mm Hg, heart rate 87/min, and respiratory rate 17/min.
On physical examination, his pulses are bounding; his complexion is pale, but breath sounds remain clear.
A rapidly progressive form of leukemia is identified, and the patient is scheduled to start intravenous chemotherapy.
Her stool is loose, watery, and yellow-colored, while her vomitus contains partially digested food particles.
She denies having blood or mucus in her stools and vomitus.
Since the onset of her symptoms, she has not had anything to eat and her son adds that she is unable to tolerate fluids.
The past medical history is unremarkable and she does not take any medications regularly.
The pulse is 115/min, the respiratory rate is 16/min, the blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, and the temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
The physical examination shows dry mucous membranes and slightly sunken eyes.
The abdomen is soft and non-tender.
Her body mass index is 37.2 kg/m2.
He was treated in the emergency department once in the past year for swelling of his hands and feet.
He was adopted as a baby from Sudan and his family history is unknown.
He does not take any medication.
He is lethargic.
His temperature is 37.5°C (99.5°F), pulse is 141/min, respirations are 25/min, and blood pressure is 68/40 mm Hg.
Examination shows pale, dry mucous membranes and scleral icterus.
She feels more anxious than usual and has had difficulty sleeping well for the past 2 weeks.
She has lost 2 kg (4.4 lb) since her last routine appointment 6 months ago.
She also has had diarrhea and often feels like her heart is beating very quickly.
On physical examination, her skin appears warm and moist.
Her reflexes are hyperactive.
Her thyroid is moderately enlarged and is non-tender.
She has mild dry eyes and dry mouth.
Her blood pressure is 136/88 mm Hg, pulse is 76/min, respirations are 17/min and temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F).
His wife reports that her husband has not been himself for the last two months.
Whereas he was previously outgoing and “the life of the party,” the patient is now irritable and withdrawn.
He is a partner at an accounting firm, but his colleagues are threatening his job if he continues to perform poorly at work.
The patient cannot explain the recent changes to his mood and tearfully admits he fears there is something seriously wrong with him.
His wife says that she thinks he is getting worse.
The patient’s past medical history is significant for hypertension, for which he takes lisinopril.
His family history is unknown as he was adopted.
The patient met his mother once, and never knew his father but was told he died in his 50's.
He drinks a few glasses of wine per week and has never smoked.
On physical exam, the patient has a flat affect with facial grimace and sudden jerky movements of his upper extremities.
He has no complaints at this visit.
His chart states that he has a history of hypertension, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (emphysema), Raynaud’s disease, and glaucoma.
He is a 30 pack-year smoker.
His medications included lisinopril, tiotropium, albuterol, nifedipine, and latanoprost.
The blood pressure is 139/96 mm Hg, the pulse is 86/min, the respiration rate is 16/min, and the temperature is 37.2°C (99.1°F).
On physical examination, his pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light.
The cardiac auscultation reveals an S4 gallop without murmur, and the lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
However, the inspection of the chest wall shows an enlarged anterior to posterior diameter.
She reports that this has happened before, but this episode is worse.
The vomit was non-bilious and did not contain any blood.
She recalls frequent episodes of vague epigastric pain that often wakes her up during the night.
Over the counter omeprazole and a small meal or snack would provide some relief in the past.
The patient also mentions recent anorexia and early satiety.
She takes over the counter ibuprofen several times a week for headaches.
Blood pressure is 125/82 mm Hg, pulse is 102/min, and respiratory rate is 19/min.
On physical examination, she has hypoactive bowel sounds, and her abdomen seems grossly distended and tympanic on percussion.
He developed these symptoms gradually over the past 3 months.
His blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 109/min, respiratory rate is 17/min, and temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F).
The patient is emaciated and pale.
There are conjunctival hemorrhages and several bruises noted in the inner cubital area bilaterally.
There are also a few lesions on the left foot.
The cardiac examination reveals a holosystolic murmur best heard at the 4th intercostal space at the left sternal edge.
Two blood cultures grew Staphylococcus aureus, and echocardiography shows a tricuspid valve aneurysm.
On ocular exam, a cherry-red macular spot is observed.
No hepatomegaly is observed on physical exam.
Microscopic exam shows lysosomes with onion-skin appearance.
She is a Syrian refugee and arrived in the United States 2 weeks ago.
She has been living in refugee camps throughout Jordan and Turkey for the past 2 years.
She has a 3-year-old son and reports that she has limited her food intake in order to ensure that her son has adequate nutrition.
She reports decreased vision most noticeable over the past 6 months that is worse in low-light settings.
She also reports severe dry eyes that have not improved with eye drops.
She has no known past medical history and takes no medications.
Her body mass index is 18.1 kg/m^2.
On exam, she appears lethargic but is able to respond to questions appropriately.
She has dry mucous membranes and decreased skin turgor.
Her conjunctiva appears dry, thickened, and wrinkled.
There is a small corneal ulcer on the lateral aspect of the left eye.
She has become increasingly lethargic over the past 18 hours.
She was born at 31 weeks' gestation.
Antenatal period was complicated by chorioamnionitis.
Apgar scores were 3 and 6 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
She appears ill.
Her pulse is 123/min, respirations are 50/min and irregular, and blood pressure is 60/30 mm Hg.
Examination shows a tense anterior fontanelle.
The pupils are equal and react sluggishly to light.
Examination shows slow, conjugate back and forth movements of the eyes.
Muscle tone is decreased in all extremities.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
Neoplastic cells obtained from 30 patients with stage IV ductal carcinoma of the breast are tagged with a fluorescent antibody.
The cells are then inserted into a medium resembling normal human tissue.
After 2 weeks, all samples show in vitro hematogenous invasion and migration away from the original site of insertion.
Both potential parents are known to be carriers of the same Cystic Fibrosis (CF) mutation.
She does not have any complaints and mentions that she has started to train for an upcoming marathon and hydrates exclusively with electrolyte solutions.
She has been trying unsuccessfully to quit smoking for a few years now.
She has hypercholesterolemia, which is controlled with a low-cholesterol diet.
Family history is significant for hypertension in both of her parents.
Her father died of myocardial infarction a few years ago.
The vital signs include heart rate 55/min, respiratory rate 16/min, temperature 37.6 °C (99.68 °F), and blood pressure 120/88 mm Hg.
The physical exam findings are within normal limits.
A routine electrocardiogram (ECG) is done and is shown below.
She is an avid runner, and the physician notes her BMI of 17.5.
The patient complains of chronic fatigue, which she attributes to her busy lifestyle.
The physician orders a complete blood count that reveals a Hgb 10.2 g/dL (normal 12.1 to 15.1 g/dL) with an MCV 102 µm^3 (normal 78 to 98 µm^3).
A serum measurement of a catabolic derivative of methionine returns elevated.
The pain began suddenly after an episode of self-induced vomiting following a large meal.
The patient’s parents say that she is very restricted in the foods she eats and induces vomiting frequently after meals.
Vital signs are as follows: blood pressure 100/60 mm Hg, heart rate 98/min, respiratory rate 14/min, and temperature 37.9℃ (100.2℉).
The patient is pale and in severe distress.
Lungs are clear to auscultation.
On cardiac examination, a crunching, raspy sound is auscultated over the precordium that is synchronous with the heartbeat.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
She was treated for a prolactinoma 5 years ago and has had recurrent antral and duodenal peptic ulcers despite medical therapy.
Her only medication is omeprazole.
Physical examination shows a moderately distended abdomen that is diffusely tender to palpation.
There is mild left-sided costovertebral angle tenderness.
Serum studies show a calcium of 12 mg/dL, phosphorus of 2 mg/dL, and parathyroid hormone level of 826 pg/mL.
An ultrasound of the abdomen shows multiple kidney stones in the left ureteropelvic junction.
She has defecated once per day.
She does not have fever, pain on defecation, or abdominal pain.
She was treated for a urinary tract infection with levofloxacin around 3 months ago.
Menses occur at regular intervals of 28–30 days and lasts 3–4 days.
Her father died of colon cancer 4 years ago.
Her only medication is an iron supplement.
She is 162 cm (5 ft 4 in) tall and weighs 101.2 kg (223 lbs); BMI is 38.3 kg/m2.
Her temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), pulse is 89/min, and blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg.
Rectal examination shows anal skin tags.
Anoscopy shows multiple enlarged bluish veins above the dentate line at 7 and 11 o'clock positions.
When asked to exhale through a closed nostril a mass prolapses but spontaneously reduces when breathing normally.
She states that 1 week prior, she had a cold which seemed to be resolving.
Yesterday, however, she noticed that she started to feel feverish, measured her temperature to be 101.5°F (38.6°C), and also developed an unproductive dry cough and difficulty breathing.
On exam, her temperature is 100.8°F (38.2°C), blood pressure is 110/72 mmHg, pulse is 96/min, and respirations are 16/min.
Her exam demonstrates decreased breath sounds at the right lung base.
The chest radiograph shows a right-sided pleural effusion with an opacity in the right lower lobe that is thought to be a bacterial pneumonia.
He has also had paresthesias in his hands during this period.
He has had increasing weakness in both hands during the past 3 months.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension.
He was involved in a motor vehicle collision 3 years ago.
Current medications include metformin, sitagliptin, enalapril, atorvastatin, and aspirin.
He has had 7 sexual partners in his lifetime; he uses condoms inconsistently.
He is oriented to time, place, and person.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
The pupils are equal and reactive to light.
Examination of the upper extremities shows decreased muscle strength, absent reflexes, and decreased hand grip with fasciculations bilaterally.
Sensation to temperature and pain is absent over the chest and bilateral upper arms.
Vibration and joint position sensations are present in the upper limbs.
Cranial nerve examination shows no focal findings.
Examination of the lower extremities show no abnormalities.
Her last menstrual period was 8 weeks ago.
She has a history of bipolar disorder controlled by a drug known to sometimes cause hypothyroidism and nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
She does not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol.
A urine pregnancy test is positive.
An ultrasound of the pelvis shows a viable intrauterine pregnancy.
She spontaneously regained consciousness 20 seconds later.
She has a history of atrial fibrillation.
Current medications include metoprolol.
She reports that she forgot to take her medication the day before and took double the dose this morning instead.
The patient rode his bicycle into a curb and hit his face against a rail.
The patient did not lose consciousness and is ambulatory at the scene.
There is blood in the patient's mouth and one of the patient's teeth is found on the sidewalk.
The patient is transferred to the local emergency department.
This past year, he also went on a trip around the world, eating local foods at each stop.
Furthermore, he has had a history of cholelithiasis and had his gallbladder removed 3 years ago.
Otherwise, his medical history is significant for well-controlled hypertension and diabetes.
Based on clinical suspicion, an endoscopy and biopsy was performed showing a mix of mononuclear cells and a motile, urease-positive, oxidase-positive, spiral shaped organism.
Two weeks ago, he returned from a 5-week-long world trip during which he climbed several mountains in India, Africa, and Appalachia.
Chemoprophylaxis with chloroquine was initiated one week prior to the trip.
Physical examination shows jaundice.
The spleen is palpated 2 cm below the left costal margin.
His hemoglobin concentration is 10 g/dL.
A photomicrograph of a peripheral blood smear is shown.
During this period, she has also had urinary urgency and incontinence.
Three months ago, she had blurry vision, difficulty distinguishing colors, and headache for one week, all of which have resolved.
The patient has smoked a half pack of cigarettes daily for 10 years and drinks four glasses of wine each week.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 78/min, respirations are 14/min, and blood pressure is 110/68 mm Hg.
Examination shows 3/5 strength in the left arm and leg, and 5/5 strength on the right side.
Upon flexion of the neck, the patient experiences a shooting electric sensation that travels down the spine.
MRI of the brain shows gadolinium-enhancing lesions in the right central sulcus, cervical spinal cord, and optic nerve.
The patient rates the pain as an 8 to 9 on a 10-point scale.
She has had an episode of nonbloody vomiting since the pain started.
She has a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and osteoporosis.
The patient has smoked 2 packs of cigarettes daily for 40 years.
She drinks 5–6 alcoholic beverages daily.
Current medications include glyburide, lisinopril, and oral vitamin D supplements.
Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 138/86 mm Hg.
Examination shows severe epigastric tenderness to palpation with guarding but no rebound.
Ultrasonography of the abdomen shows diffuse enlargement of the pancreas; no gallstones are visualized.
The patient is admitted to the hospital for pain control and intravenous hydration.
A subsequent core needle biopsy of the mass shows infiltrating ductal carcinoma with HER2-positive, estrogen-negative, and progesterone-negative immunohistochemistry staining.
Blood counts and liver function tests are normal.
The annual incidence of ischemic stroke was calculated to be 60 per 2,000 people.
The 1-year case fatality rate for ischemic stroke was found to be 20%.
The health department of a town in southern Sweden with a population of 20,000 is interested in knowing the 1-year mortality conferred by ischemic stroke.
She proposes an initiative to restrict the usage of clindamycin in the hospital to determine if that lowers the incidence of C. difficile infections.
She puts in place a requirement that an infectious disease fellow needs to approve any prescription of clindamycin.
After 2 months, she reviews the hospital infection data and determines that the incidence of C. difficile infections has decreased, but not to the extent that she had hoped.
Consequently, she decides to include fluoroquinolone antibiotics in the antibiotic restriction and examine the data again in another 2 months.
The episodes occur only when walking up stairs and resolves after resting for a few minutes.
He is a delivery man and is concerned because the chest pain has impacted his ability to work.
His pulse is 98/min and blood pressure is 132/77 mm Hg.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
An ECG shows no abnormalities.
The rash started around the mouth before spreading to the trunk and extremities.
Her temperature is 38.6°C (101.5°F).
Examination shows a diffuse erythematous rash with flaccid bullae on the neck, flexural creases, and buttocks.
Gentle pressure across the trunk with a gloved finger creates a blister.
Oropharyngeal examination shows no abnormalities.
Four days ago, he injured his right knee while playing soccer.
Increased laxity of the right knee joint is noted when the knee is flexed to 30° and an abducting force is applied to the lower leg.
She has noticed that over the past 6 months, she has had to urinate more often than usual.
Several times per day, she develops a rapid-onset need to urinate and has occasionally been unable to reach the restroom.
These symptoms have caused her a lot of distress and impacted her work as a grocery store clerk.
She has tried pelvic floor exercises, decreasing her caffeine consumption, and has intentionally lost 20 pounds in an effort to alleviate her symptoms.
She denies urinary hesitancy or hematuria.
Her past medical history is notable for rheumatoid arthritis for which she takes methotrexate.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Her temperature is 98.8°F (37.1°C), blood pressure is 124/68 mmHg, pulse is 89/min, and respirations are 19/min.
She is well-appearing and in no acute distress.
The patient says that these symptoms have been present for more than 2 weeks.
Past medical history is significant for simple partial seizures for which he takes valproate, but he has not had his medication adjusted in several years.
His vital signs include: blood pressure of 124/76 mm Hg, heart rate of 98/min, respiratory rate of 12/min, and temperature of 37.1°C (98.8°F).
On physical examination, the patient is alert and oriented to person, time, and place.
Affect is not constricted or flat.
Speech is of rapid rate and high volume.
Pupils are equal and reactive bilaterally.
He says that he has also been experiencing some abdominal pain and weakness.
He has never experienced these symptoms before.
His past medical history is significant for persistent ventricular tachycardia, and he started a new medication to control this arrhythmia about 1 month prior to presentation.
Chest radiograph reveals patchy opacification bilaterally, and computed tomography (CT) scan shows diffuse ground glass changes.
He has never had a reaction to a vaccine before.
He has a history of 2 salmonella infections over the past 2 years.
He was born at 35 weeks’ gestation and spent one day in the neonatal intensive care unit.
His parents' family histories are unremarkable.
His temperature is 101°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 80/55 mmHg, pulse is 135/min, and respirations are 24/min.
On examination, he appears acutely ill.
He has increased work of breathing with intercostal retractions.
A petechial rash is noted on his trunk and extremities.
She had a mastectomy 6 months ago and received chemotherapy with doxorubicin and paclitaxel.
A CT scan of the chest shows new metastases in the lungs and liver.
Adjuvant therapy is initiated with a drug that inhibits the formation of deoxythymidine monophosphate and results in the accumulation of deoxyuridine triphosphate.
The patient is advised to avoid folic acid supplementation while receiving this drug in order to prevent the toxic effects of this drug.
Although the patient has been intermittently undergoing physiotherapy for the past 2 years at a specialized center, the patient’s mother is concerned he cannot yet climb the stairs.
The neurologist recommends a different treatment, which involves multiple intramuscular injections of a drug in the muscles of the lower extremities to relieve tightness.
The neurologist says this treatment approach is also often used to relieve headaches and reduce facial wrinkles.
She now reports having a headache and visual disturbances for the past 12 hours.
Her only medication is a prenatal vitamin.
Her temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F), pulse is 90/min, and blood pressure is 164/80 mm Hg.
Her blood pressure at her first-trimester prenatal visit was 110/70 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
He does not have difficulty breathing, cough, or painful urination.
He initially presented one hour after spilling a pot of boiling water on his torso while his mother was cooking dinner.
He was admitted for fluid resuscitation, nutritional support, pain management, and wound care, and he was progressing well until today.
He has no other medical conditions.
Other than analgesia during this hospital stay, he does not take any medications.
He appears uncomfortable but not in acute distress.
His pulse is 150/min, respirations are 41/min, and blood pressure is 90/50 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 99%.
Examination shows uneven, asymmetrical scalding covering his anterior torso in arrow-like patterns with surrounding erythema and purulent discharge.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
His hemoglobin is 13.4 g/dL, platelet count is 200,000/mm3, and leukocyte count is 13,900/mm3.
During this period, he has had clear urethral discharge early in the morning.
He has no history of serious illness, except for a rash following treatment with erythromycin 20 years ago.
The patient takes no medications.
He is sexually active with one male and one female partner; they use condoms inconsistently.
His younger brother was diagnosed with Crohn disease at the age of 24 years.
The patient does not smoke.
He drinks one to two beers on weekends.
He appears well.
Temperature is 36.8°C (98°F), pulse is 75/min, and blood pressure is 135/78 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Gram stain of a urethral swab shows neutrophils but no organisms.
The patient’s wife states that her husband has become more somnolent over the past several days and now is very confused.
The patient has no complaints himself, but is answering questions inappropriately.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes and hypertension.
His temperature is 98.3°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 127/85 mmHg, pulse is 138/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a confused man with dry mucous membranes.
Initial laboratory studies are ordered as seen below.
She also complains of pain during sexual intercourse and sometimes after urination.
Her past medical history is noncontributory.
She takes oral contraceptives and a multivitamin daily.
She has had two male sexual partners in her lifetime and uses condoms inconsistently.
Today, her vitals are normal.
On pelvic exam, she has vulvovaginal erythema and a 'strawberry cervix' that is tender to motion, with minimal green-yellow malodorous discharge.
A swab of the vaginal wall is analyzed for pH at bedside.
Vaginal pH is 5.8.
The patient refused to leave a petting zoo after closing.
He states that he has unique ideas to revolutionize the petting zoo experience.
The patient has a past medical history of multiple suicide attempts.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 130/85 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, respirations are 16/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
The patient's cardiac and pulmonary exams are within normal limits.
He denies any nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath, or systemic symptoms.
The patient struggles to answer questions, as he is constantly changing the subject and speaking at a very rapid rate.
The patient is kept in the emergency department overnight and is observed to not sleep and is very talkative with the nurses.
He has not been to the doctor in a long time.
Past medical history is significant for hypertension that is well-managed.
Current medication is hydrochlorothiazide.
He has one uncle who died of prostate cancer.
He drinks one or two alcoholic drinks on the weekends and does not smoke.
Today his temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 125/75 mm Hg, pulse is 82/min, respiratory rate is 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
There are no significant findings on physical examination.
Physical examination shows diffuse petechiae on the patient’s distal extremities.
Peripheral blood smear shows an absence of platelet clumping.
An ELISA binding assay reveals that platelet surfaces are deficient in GpIIb/IIIa receptors.
He is unsure why he is experiencing this pain and notices that this pain is worse in the morning after waking up and improves with physical activity.
Ibuprofen provides significant relief.
He denies bowel and bladder incontinence or erectile dysfunction.
Physical exam is notable for decreased chest expansion, decreased spinal range of motion, 5/5 strength in both lower extremities, 2+ patellar reflexes bilaterally, and an absence of saddle anesthesia.
This disease is associated with impaired iron metabolism and primarily affects the liver.
Patients often present with diabetes and bronze skin pigmentation.
After a genetic screening of 120 inhabitants with a family history of this disease, 40 were found to have the disease-producing genotype, but only 10 presented with symptoms.
Her mother also mentions that she has been urinating significantly less lately.
History from the mother reveals that the girl suffers from acne vulgaris, mild scoliosis, and had a bout of diarrhea 3 days ago after a family barbecue.
Lab work is done and is notable for a platelet count of 97,000 with a normal PT and PTT.
The young girl appears dehydrated, yet her serum electrolyte levels are normal.
On history, you note the patient lives a sedentary lifestyle, rarely leaves the house, has controlled diabetes diagnosed 15 years ago, and has documented cardiomyopathy.
On physical exam the man appears non-toxic, sclera are icteric, cornea appear normal, generalized pain is elicited on palpation of the right upper quadrant, and skin appears quite bronzed on his extremities.
Her condition began 2 days ago with a single episode of abundant watery stool and elevated temperature.
The child was born at term to a healthy 26-year-old mother with an uneventful antenatal course and puerperium.
The infant was exclusively breastfed till 5 months of age, after which she began receiving grated potatoes, pumpkin, carrots, and apples, in addition to the breastfeeding.
She does not receive any fluids other than breast milk.
The last new food item to be introduced was homemade honey that her mother added several times to grated sour apples as a sweetener 2 weeks before the onset of symptoms.
The vital signs are as follows: blood pressure 70/40 mm Hg, heart rate 98/min, respiratory rate 29/min, and temperature 36.4°C (98.2°F).
On physical examination, she is lethargic and has poor head control.
A neurologic examination reveals ptosis and facial muscle weakness, widespread hypotonia, and symmetrically decreased upper and lower extremity reflexes.
He feels that his genitals are less developed than they should be for his age.
On physical exam, you note an absence of facial hair and that his voice has not yet deepened.
Your exam confirms that he is Tanner Stage 1.
On a thorough review of systems, you learn that the patient has lacked a sense of smell from birth.
She mentions that she has been taking oral fluconazole for the last 4 weeks for the treatment of tinea capitis.
She also says that she loves coffee and usually consumes 4–6 cups of coffee every day.
On physical examination, her vital signs are stable and examination of all systems, including nervous system, is normal.
Her laboratory evaluation reveals that her serum potassium level is 3.1 mmol/L (3.1 mEq/L).
The physician orders an ECG.
She is breastfed and formula-fed.
She was born at 38 weeks' gestation and weighed 2966 g (6 lb 9 oz).
She currently weighs 5878 g (12 lb 15 oz).
She appears healthy.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows a soft and nontender abdomen and no organomegaly.
His tremor has been progressively worsening over the course of several weeks and he feels embarrassed and anxious about going to social events.
He says these movements are involuntary and denies having an urge to have these movements.
Medical history is significant for depression which is being treated with escitalopram.
His mother is currently alive and healthy but his father committed suicide and had a history of depression.
Physical examination is remarkable for impaired saccade initiation and brief, abrupt, and non-stereotyped movements involved the right arm.
He also has irregular finger tapping.
He was a restrained passenger.
At the hospital, he is bleeding heavily from a large wound in his left leg.
A review of medical records reveals a history of atrial fibrillation for which he takes warfarin.
His international normalized ratio (INR) 2 days ago was 2.6.
On physical exam he is cool and clammy.
The vital signs include: heart rate 130/min and blood pressure 96/54 mm Hg.
Aggressive resuscitation with intravenous normal saline is begun.
Her symptoms began 8 months ago and have progressively worsened since then.
She had recurrent episodes of joint pain and fever during childhood.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
She emigrated from the Congo with her parents when she was 12 years old.
Her temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F), pulse is 90/min and regular, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
There is an opening snap followed by a diastolic murmur at the fifth left intercostal space in the midclavicular line.
The child was born at 39 weeks gestation to a healthy 32-year-old G1P0 woman.
Initial examination after birth was notable for a cleft palate.
The child’s temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 100/60 mmHg, pulse is 115/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On exam, he appears somnolent.
His face demonstrates periorbital fullness, hypoplastic nares, and small dysmorphic ears.
Serum analysis reveals decreased levels of calcium and elevated levels of parathyroid hormone.
Her menses had previously occurred at regular 30-day intervals with moderate flow, but her last menstrual period was 12 weeks ago.
She also reports that her interest in sexual intercourse has recently decreased.
Her serum prolactin level is elevated.
He reports symptoms of sneezing, nasal congestion, itching, and postnasal drainage every September at the start of the school year.
He has a family history of childhood asthma and eczema.
He has not tried any medications for his allergies.
She recently went to an international food fair.
Her temperature is 39°C (102.2°F).
Physical examination shows increased bowel sounds.
Stool cultures grow gram-positive, spore-forming, anaerobic rods that produce alpha toxin.
She has been married for 2 years and would like to conceive within the next year.
Menses occur at regular 30-day intervals and last 4 days with normal flow.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol and follows a balanced diet.
She takes no medications.
She is 160 cm (5 ft 3 in) tall and weighs 55 kg (121 lb); BMI is 21.5 kg/m2.
Physical examination, including pelvic examination, shows no abnormalities.
She has adequate knowledge of the fertile days of her menstrual cycle.
She has abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting.
Her husband reports that she has had two episodes of watery diarrhea on the way to the emergency department.
A distinct, garlic-like odor on the breath is noted on examination.
An ECG shows sinus tachycardia and QTc prolongation.
He also complains of shortness of breath.
He said he had been previously diagnosed with influenza but did not follow the doctor’s instructions.
His vitals include: heart rate 70/min, respiratory rate 22/min, temperature 38.7°C (101.7°F), blood pressure 120/60 mm Hg, and SO2 80%.
Minutes later he notices swelling and redness at the site of the insect bite.
He reports that he felt lightheaded and experienced chest pain while walking his dog earlier in the morning.
He notes that he has experienced multiple similar episodes over the past year.
A trans-esophageal echocardiogram demonstrates a thickened, calcified aortic valve with left ventricular hypertrophy.
Two weeks following his return, he began experiencing diarrhea, pain in his abdomen, and a headache.
He presents to the hospital and is noted to be febrile with prominent rose-colored spots on his chest and abdomen.
The patients were informed that they were divided into two age groups since younger patients suffer from different complications of the disease.
The pediatric group is more likely to suffer from which of the complications?
I. Splenic sequestration
II.
Avascular necrosis
III.
Pulmonary hypertension
IV.
He reports being compliant with monthly penicillin G injections since being diagnosed with rheumatic fever at age 15.
He denies any major side effects from the treatment, except for the inconvenience of organizing transportation to a physician's office every month.
On exam, the patient is found to have a loud first heart sound and a mid-diastolic rumble that is best heard at the apex.
She reports her symptoms have progressively worsened over the course of 2 weeks and are most significant in her lower extremities.
She also notices increased urinary frequency.
Approximately 1 month ago she was diagnosed with a calcium phosphate nephrolithiasis.
Medical history is significant for rheumatoid arthritis diagnosed approximately 10 years ago treated with methotrexate, and type II diabetes mellitus treated with metformin.
Her temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 138/92 mmHg, pulse is 92/min, and respirations are 17/min.
On physical exam, there is mild tenderness to palpation of the metacarpophalangeal and proximal interphalangeal joints.
There is 4/5 power throughout the lower extremity.
Laboratory testing is shown.
She was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus 4 years ago.
Her last blood test showed a fasting blood glucose level of 6.6 mmol/L (118.9 mg/dL) and HbA1c of 5.1%.
No other significant past medical history.
Current medications are metformin and a daily multivitamin.
No significant family history.
The physician wants to take her blood pressure measurements, but the patient states that she measures it every day in the morning and in the evening and even shows him a blood pressure diary with all the measurements being within normal limits.
She has been unable to stand or walk since the fall.
She has hypertension and gout.
Her sister died of multiple myeloma at the age of 55 years.
Current medications include amlodipine and febuxostat.
She does not smoke cigarettes.
She drinks a glass of wine daily.
Her temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 101/min, and blood pressure is 128/86 mm Hg.
Examination shows right groin tenderness.
Range of motion of the right hip is limited by pain.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
A complete blood count and serum creatinine concentration are within the reference range.
An x-ray of the hip shows a linear fracture of the right femoral neck.
She is scheduled for surgery.
He has never seen a physician before, but was motivated by his 40-year-old brother's recent heart attack and seeks to optimize his health.
In particular, he read that uncontrolled atherosclerosis can lead to a heart attack.
It started about 3 days ago and has slowly gotten worse.
He vomits after most feedings but seems to keep some formula down.
His mother notes that he is eager to feed between episodes and seems to be putting on weight.
Other than an uncomplicated course of chlamydia conjunctivitis, the infant has been healthy.
He was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
He is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
The physical exam is significant for a palpable mass in the right upper quadrant.
She also is nauseous and complains of fever and malaise.
She was started on a 7-day course of amoxicillin after being admitted to the hospital for pyelonephritis 5 days ago.
The vital signs include heart rate 98/min, respiratory rate 16/min, temperature 38.9°C (102.0°F), and blood pressure 92/56 mm Hg.
Physical examination reveals abdominal distention with diffuse tenderness.
Laboratory studies show a peripheral white blood cell (WBC) count of 15,000/mm3 and stool guaiac positive for occult blood.
His Apgar score is 5 at 1 minute and 8 at 5 minutes.
His weight is 2.1 kg (4.2 lb) and length is 47 cm (1 ft 7 in).
The mother’s history is significant for chronic pyelonephritis, atrial fibrillation, and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
She has a 5-pack-year smoking history and also reports alcohol consumption during pregnancy.
Examination of the infant shows a short depressed nasal bridge, wide nose, brachydactyly, and a short neck.
Ophthalmoscopy reveals bilateral cataracts.
Her symptoms seem to improve with concentration and worsen with fatigue.
During the past 3 months, they have become so severe that she has missed many school days.
Her mother says she also has too much anxiety about her involuntary movements to see her friends and prefers staying home in her room.
Her birth and development until 18 months ago were normal.
Her father suffers from bipolar disorder.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Mental status examination shows intact higher mental function and thought processes.
Neurological examination shows multiple motor and vocal tics.
Physical examination is otherwise within normal limits.
Over the past 3 months, he has been urinating 2-3 times more often than usual.
He has started to feel dehydrated and has increased his water intake to compensate.
He works as a bank teller.
He has a 25-pack-year smoking history and drinks 8-10 beers per week.
His temperature is 98°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 114/68 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 18/min.
Capillary refill is 3 seconds.
His mucous membranes appear dry.
The patient is instructed to hold all water intake.
Urine specific gravity is 1.002 after 12 hours of water deprivation.
The patient is given desmopressin but his urine specific gravity remains relatively unchanged.
He returned from a trip to Puerto Rico 10 days ago.
He started using a new laundry detergent after returning.
He has type 1 diabetes mellitus controlled with insulin.
His mother has Hashimoto thyroiditis, and his sister has severe facial acne.
Examination of the skin shows multiple, nontender, round, hypopigmented macules on the chest and trunk.
There is fine scaling when the lesions are scraped with a spatula.
However, a significant number of patients are lost to follow-up or fail to complete treatment according to the study arm to which they were assigned.
Several patients in the novel drug arm are also switched at a later time to a novel anticoagulant or warfarin per their primary care physician.
All patients enrolled in the study are subsequently analyzed based on the initial group they were assigned to and there is a significant improvement in outcome of the new drug.
A biopsy of the affected area shows a thinned stratum granulosum as well as retained nuclei and spongiotic clusters of neutrophils in the stratum corneum.
She was riding a bike when she lost control and hit a car on the opposite side of the road.
On arrival, she is unconscious.
She has a history of intravenous heroin use.
Her pulse is 56/min, respirations are 8/min and irregular, and blood pressure is 196/102 mm Hg.
Examination shows a 2-cm laceration over the left cheek and a 3-cm laceration over the left chest.
There are multiple abrasions over her face and chest.
She opens her eyes and flexes her extremities to painful stimuli.
The pupils are dilated and react sluggishly to light.
There are decreased breath sounds over the left lung.
The trachea is central.
There is no jugular venous distention.
Cardiac examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
The left knee and right ankle are swollen; range of motion is limited.
Two large-bore peripheral intravenous catheters are inserted.
She is intubated and mechanical ventilation is initiated.
A focused assessment with sonography in trauma is negative.
An occlusive dressing is applied over the left chest wound.
She is scheduled for a noncontrast CT scan of the brain.
She says that the pain began 2 weeks ago and gets worse with weight bearing.
She has been training for a marathon, and this pain has limited her training.
On exam, there are no signs of inflammation or deformities on her foot.
Compression of the forefoot with concomitant pressure on the interdigital space reproduces the pain on the plantar surface between the third and fourth toes and produces an audible click.
Upon examination, he is found to have a left visual field deficit.
Laboratory results show elevated erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
Her symptoms initially affected her left hand only, but now both hands are affected.
She also reports that her symptoms are worse at rest and that performing tasks such as tying her shoelaces and writing have become more difficult.
Her husband thinks that she has been more withdrawn lately.
She used to drink a half a bottle of sherry every day for the past 18 years but has not consumed alcohol in the past year.
She has chronic liver disease, hypertension, and peripheral artery disease.
Current medications include aspirin and propanolol.
She appears anxious.
She is oriented to time, place, and person.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 98/min, and blood pressure is 144/82 mm Hg.
Examination shows a rhythmic, low-frequency tremor that is more prominent in the left hand.
Range of motion in the arms and legs is normal.
Increased resistance to passive flexion and extension is present in the left upper limb.
Muscle strength is 4/5 in all limbs.
Sensations to pinprick and light touch are preserved.
The finger-to-nose test is normal bilaterally.
The new strain of the virus can infect fibroblast-like cells in addition to the usual target of HIV.
These symptoms have worsened over the last 3 days.
He has a blood pressure of 126/85 mm Hg and heart rate of 82/min.
Physical examination is notable for bibasilar crackles.
A chest X-ray reveals bilateral pulmonary edema.
His current medications include metoprolol succinate and captopril.
You wish to add an additional medication targeted towards his symptoms.
He also reports low appetite and difficulty fitting into his pants because of his swollen legs over the past several months.
There is no personal or family history of serious illness.
He does not smoke and drinks 1 to 2 beers on special occasions.
He used to be sexually active with multiple female partners but has lost interest in sexual intercourse recently.
He is 178 cm (5 ft 10 in) tall and weighs 68 kg (150 lb); his BMI is 22 kg/m2.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows yellowing of the skin and sclera as well as erythema of the palms.
There is bilateral enlargement of breast tissue.
Cardiopulmonary examinations show no abnormalities.
The abdomen is distended.
The liver is palpated 2 to 3 cm below the right costal margin.
On percussion of the left abdomen, a thrill can be felt on the right side.
Hepatojugular reflux is absent.
There is bilateral edema below the knees.
The patient reports he experiences room-spinning dizziness lasting several hours at a time, approximately 2-3 times a month, starting 3 months ago.
Upon questioning, the patient also reports right sided diminished hearing, tinnitus, and a sensation of ear fullness.
Her temperature is 99 deg F (37.2 deg C), pulse 70/min, respirations 12, blood pressure 130 mmHg/85 mmHg, SpO2 99%.
You decide to order an audiometric evaluation.
His CD4+ T lymphocyte count is 180 cells/μL.
An HIV antibody test is positive.
Genotypic resistance assay shows the virus to be susceptible to all antiretroviral therapy regimens and therapy with dolutegravir, tenofovir, and emtricitabine is initiated.
Which of the following sets of laboratory findings would be most likely on follow-up evaluation 3 months later?
The patient is HIV negative, denies drug use, and denies sick contacts.
The physician places a purified protein tuberculin test in the patient's right forearm intradermally.
His maternal uncle had a seizure disorder and died in childhood.
He appears fatigued.
Respirations are 32/min.
Examination shows diffuse weakness in the extremities.
Serum studies show a low pH, elevated lactate concentration, and normal blood glucose.
A metabolic condition characterized by a defect in oxidative phosphorylation is suspected.
His mother discovered this because he was almost struck by a vehicle that "he couldn't see at all".
In addition, he has been complaining of a headache for the last several weeks and had an episode of vomiting 2 days ago.
He has a family history of migraines in his mother and grandmother.
He is currently in the 80th percentile for height and weight.
On physical exam his temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 110/75 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, respirations are 19/min, and pulse oximetry is 99% on room air.
He is uncooperative for the rest of the physical exam.
During workup, a lesion is found in this patient.
To test hormone levels in the fed state, the mice are given an oral glucose load and various hormones are measured in a blood sample.
Researchers are most interested in the hormone whose blood levels track evenly with C-peptide levels.
The mass has grown over the last few days.
She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
On physical exam, her temperature is 38.0°C (100.4°F), pulse is 86/min, respirations are 12/min, blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg.
The mass is tender and relatively soft and mobile.
The overlying skin is warm.
On her right ear, there is a series of small and healing skin punctures left by the bite of her neighbor’s kitten 3 weeks ago.
No other mass is detected in the neck, supraclavicular, axillary, or inguinal regions.
Oral examination reveals several discolored teeth.
Her lungs are clear to auscultation and heart sounds are normal.
While she has struggled with acne for most of her adult life, the acne has become more severe in the past few months.
She has used benzoyl peroxide, salicylic acid, and topical antibiotics in the past but these treatments have had little effect.
The patient would like to try minocycline, which worked for a friend of hers.
The physician responds that this drug cannot be given to pregnant women, and offers to start the patient on the drug after she delivers the baby.
The patient states that he had a “bad tooth” a few weeks ago which has progressed to his current condition.
His vital signs include: blood pressure 110/80 mm Hg, heart rate 85/min, and temperature 37.9°C (100.3°F).
On physical examination, the patient has a 4 cm abscess on the left maxillary line that is draining a granulous, purulent material.
Ibuprofen and avoidance of light has not relieved her symptoms.
She denies a history of recent trauma, fever, chills, and fatigue.
Past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes mellitus managed with metformin.
She has had 20/20 vision her whole life and wonders if she might need to get eyeglasses.
She has 2 healthy school-age children.
Her temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), heart rate is 90/min, respiratory rate is 15/min, and blood pressure is 135/80 mm Hg.
Physical exam is notable for decreased lateral eye movement, and the funduscopic findings are shown in the picture.
Laboratory findings are within normal limits and brain imaging is normal.
Lumbar puncture demonstrates an elevated opening pressure and normal CSF composition.
She reports that both breasts are swollen and tender.
She is also having difficulty getting her newborn to latch.
The patient gave birth 4 days ago by uncomplicated vaginal delivery.
During her pregnancy, the patient developed gestational diabetes but was otherwise healthy.
She took folate and insulin.
She attended all her pre-natal appointments.
Upon examination, the patient has a low grade fever, but all other vital signs are stable.
Bilateral breasts appear engorged and are tender to palpation.
There is no erythema, warmth, or induration.
A lactation nurse is brought in to assist the patient and her newborn with more effective breastfeeding positions.
The patient says a neighbor told her that breastmilk actually lacks in nutrients, and she asks what the best option is for the health of her newborn.
Upon examination, the infant has a musty odor, fair skin with patches of eczema, and blue eyes.
The pediatrician orders laboratory tests and prescribes a special diet.
Physical examination shows left-sided facial edema and distention of superficial veins in the neck and left chest wall.
Her blood pressure is 151/82 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows a round face, thinning of the skin, and multiple bruises on her arms.
Further studies confirm the diagnosis of an ACTH-secreting pituitary adenoma.
He states that for the past two days, he has noticed blood in his stool.
His parents note that they attended a neighbor’s barbecue last weekend, but otherwise have not eaten any new foods or changed their usual diet.
The patient is admitted to the hospital unit for further work-up.
The provider team finds that the patient’s blood is positive for Shiga-like toxin and notes the following lab values: creatinine of 4.2 mg/dL, platelet count of 50,000/mm^3, and hemoglobin of 6.0 g/dL.
Physical examination shows bilateral hand tremors that worsen when the patient is asked to extend her arms out in front of her.
The physician prescribes a medication that is associated with an increased risk of bronchospasms.
This drug has which of the following immediate effects on the cardiovascular system?
They tell the emergency physician that their daughter was lying on the bed watching television when she suddenly began gasping for air.
They observed a bowl of peanuts lying next to her when they grabbed her up and brought her to the emergency department.
Her respirations are 25/min, the pulse is 100/min and the blood pressure is 90/65 mm Hg.
The physical findings as of now are apparently normal.
She is started on oxygen and is sent in for a chest X-ray.
She has not regularly seen a physician for the past several years because she has been working hard at her long-time job as a schoolteacher.
You wonder if she has not been taking adequate preventative measures to prevent osteoporosis and order the appropriate labs.
Although she is recovering from surgery well, she is visibly upset because she is worried that her hospital bill will bankrupt her.
Her initial abdominal pain has resolved.
Enteral nutrition has been initiated.
She has not passed any stool since being admitted to the hospital.
She has nausea but no vomiting.
Her temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F), pulse is 95/min, respiratory rate is 17/min, and blood pressure is 100/70 mm Hg.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
Abdominal examination shows symmetric distention, absent bowel sounds, and tympanic percussion without tenderness.
Laboratory studies show:
Serum
Na+ 137 mEq/L
K+ 3.2 mEq/L
Cl− 104 mEq/L
HCO3− 23 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 22 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL
A supine abdominal X-ray is shown.
The blood obtained from a male infant shows decreased affinity for 2,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid.
In order to learn more about its effects, they follow patients who are currently taking the drug and determine whether there are adverse effects that exceed anticipated levels and may therefore be drug-related.
They discover that the drug causes an excess of sudden cardiac death in 19 patients with renal failure out of 2 million total patients that are followed.
Based on these results, an additional warning about this serious adverse effect is added to the investigator brochure for the drug.
He has been frequently fatigued for the past 5 months and also experienced an increased frequency of urination over the last few months.
There is no history of a known medical condition or of substance abuse.
His physical examination does not reveal any specific abnormality, except that he is obese: his body mass index is 34.6 kg/m2.
The patient’s detailed laboratory evaluation reveals a fasting plasma glucose of 160 mg/dL and 2-hour plasma glucose of 270 mg/dL.
His physician tells him that his laboratory evaluation suggests a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type 2.
The patient, surprised by this news, asks his physician why he has developed diabetes mellitus even though no one else in his family has ever suffered from it.
The physician explains to him that genetic factors play an important role in the development of diabetes mellitus, but that their interactions are complex.
Apart from neonatal diabetes mellitus and maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), the development of diabetes mellitus cannot be explained by a single genetic mutation.
He was trimming a tree from the fence when he lost his balance.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows blood at the urethral meatus, perineal ecchymoses, and a scrotal hematoma.
An x-ray of the pelvis shows swelling of the soft tissue but no other abnormalities.
The patient had been eating lunch on a school field trip when she suddenly complained of abdominal pain.
Shortly thereafter, she was noted to have swelling of the lips, a rapidly developing red rash and difficulty breathing.
In the ambulance her blood pressure was persistently 80/50 mmHg despite intramuscular epinephrine.
In the course of stabilization and work up of the patient, you note an elevated tryptase level.
He had some difficulty swallowing his food during lunch and has weakness in both arms.
Two weeks ago, he had an upper respiratory infection that resolved spontaneously.
He lives independently and returned from his grandparents' farm 2 days ago.
He commonly consumes canned vegetables and fruits.
He is alert and oriented to person, place, and time.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 88/min, respirations are 10/min and labored, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows bilateral nystagmus and ptosis.
The pupils are dilated and not reactive to light.
Muscle strength of the facial muscles and bilateral upper extremities is decreased.
Upper extremity deep tendon reflexes are 1+ bilaterally.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
On exam, he is also noted to be in the 99th percentile for height and 70th percentile for weight.
He appears to have abnormally long extremities as well as an upward lens dislocation on ophthalmologic exam.
He has also had recurrent episodes of sinus congestion, productive cough, and fever for 3 months.
Additionally, he has noticed a rash on his arms and feet.
He has seasonal allergic conjunctivitis treated with ketotifen eye drops.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows several erythematous and necrotic papules on his arms and feet.
He has inflamed nasopharyngeal mucosa and a perforated nasal septum.
The nasal bridge is collapsed.
He was delivered at term after an uncomplicated pregnancy.
He is at the 5th percentile for length and weight.
Physical examination shows generalized hypotonia.
Urinalysis shows increased propionic acid concentration.
Upon arriving, the patient’s symptoms have resolved.
He states his symptoms occurred as he was going to bed.
He has never experienced this before, but felt extremely dizzy for roughly 3 minutes.
He currently feels at his baseline.
The patient is otherwise healthy and only has a history of eczema.
His temperature is 97.7°F (36.5°C), blood pressure is 134/85 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, respirations are 13/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a healthy man with a normal gait.
The patient has a physiologic nystagmus and his cranial nerve exam is unremarkable.
The patient’s head is turned to the left and he is laid back on the stretcher, which exacerbates severe symptoms with a nystagmus notable.
The patient’s symptoms improve after 2 minutes of being in this position.
He reports that the pain is worse at night and while doing sports at school.
He has not had any trauma to the knee or any previous problems with his joints.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination of the right knee shows mild swelling and tenderness without warmth or erythema; the range of motion is limited.
He walks with an antalgic gait.
Laboratory studies show an alkaline phosphatase of 180 U/L and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 80 mm/h.
An x-ray of the right knee is shown.
There are no palpable pulses.
Chest compressions are started.
The patient has a history of breast cancer that was surgically treated 4 years ago.
Prior to admission, the patient was on a long bus ride to visit her sister.
Her medications include tamoxifen, atorvastatin, metoprolol, metformin, and insulin.
Serum troponin levels are elevated.
The cardiac rhythm is shown.
On physical exam, the boy has a marfanoid habitus and mental retardation.
Biochemical tests were performed to locate the exact defect in this boy.
It was found that there was a significant reduction of the conversion of 5,10-methyltetrahydrofolate to 5-methyltetrahydrofolate.
After 4 hours, she gives birth to a healthy appearing baby boy with APGAR scores of 7 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes.
She had limited prenatal screening but did have an ultrasound at 35 weeks that showed polyhydramnios.
The next day, the neonate vomits greenish-yellow fluid after breastfeeding.
This occurs 2 more times that day after feeding and several times between feedings.
The next day, the neonate appears weak with difficulty latching to the breast and is dehydrated.
The physician on duty is concerned and orders blood work, IV fluids, and the abdominal X-ray shown below.
Past medical history is unremarkable.
She reports an 18-pack-year smoking history and drinks alcohol rarely.
Her vital signs include: temperature 36.6°C (97.8°F), blood pressure 139/82 mm Hg, pulse 98/min.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
The patient has a history of hypertension for which she takes hydrochlorothiazide, and rheumatoid arthritis, for which she has been taking prednisone for the last 2 years.
The patient states that she had a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan 3 years ago that was normal and attributes that finding to regularly taking calcium and vitamin D supplements since then.
The patient states that her pain from the fractures is stopping her from participating in her regular activities, such as exercising and gardening.
Upon arrival, he is found to be severely altered and unable to answer questions about his medical history.
Based on clinical suspicion, a panel of basic blood tests are obtained including an arterial blood gas, which shows a pH of 7.32, a pCO2 of 70, and a sodium bicarbonate level of 30 mg/dl.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 30 years.
He appears distressed.
His pulse is 116/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 156/88 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 98%.
A grade 3/6, high-pitched, blowing, diastolic murmur is heard over the right upper sternal border.
She has a history of asthma controlled with inhaled fluticasone and albuterol.
Physical examination shows white plaques on the dorsal surface of the tongue and buccal mucosa that bleed when scraped off.
She has noticed that her diplopia is more prominent when she looks at objects in her periphery.
It does not present when looking straight ahead.
She does not have a fever, headache, ocular pain, lacrimation, blurring of vision, or changes in her color vision.
She is a college student and is otherwise healthy.
The neurological examination reveals that when she looks to the left, her right eye does not adduct while her left eye abducts with nystagmus.
Furthermore, when she looks to the right, her left eye does not adduct while her right eye abducts with prominent nystagmus.
Her pupils are bilateral, equal and reactive to light and accommodation.
The convergence is normal.
The rest of the cranial nerve examination is unremarkable.
Three months ago, the patient first reported hearing loud voices coming from the ceiling of his room.
During this time, he has also become increasingly worried that visitors to the house were placing secret surveillance cameras.
Mental status examination shows tangential speech with paranoid thoughts.
She mentioned that she had eaten ice cream 3 days ago.
Blood cultures show gram-positive rods that are catalase-positive and display distinctive tumbling motility in liquid medium.
She says that she was walking home from work when she slipped on a patch of ice on the sidewalk.
Since she did not have anything to hold onto, she fell backwards and landed on her posterior iliac crests bilaterally.
Immediately after the fall, she started experiencing back pain and tenderness that concerned her enough to call for an ambulance.
Her past medical history is significant for arthritis, diabetes, and hypertension.
On arrival, her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 129/86 mmHg, pulse is 112/min, respirations are 19/min.
Physical exam reveals tenderness to palpation over the middle of her lower back.
She was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus a month ago but refused to start medications despite counseling due to her fear of gaining weight.
She tried exercising and eating healthy in an attempt to ''cure'' her diabetes.
She managed to lose 1.8 kg (4 lb) in a month.
Today she still complains of increased urinary frequency, the same symptom that leads to her initial suspicion of diabetes.
No other significant past medical history.
She is happily married and plans on having kids in the next few years.
The patient is a non-smoker, denies illicit drug use, and drinks socially.
Her vital signs show a pulse of 80/min, a respiratory rate of 16/min, a blood pressure of 120/80 mm Hg, and a temperature of 36.9°C (98.4°F).
Her BMI is 33.0 kg/m2.
Physical exam findings are unremarkable.
Her fingerstick glucose today is 214 mg/dL.
She also has noticed several nonpainful ulcers on the roof of her mouth.
She is sexually active with one male partner and they use condoms inconsistently.
Her mother has end-stage renal disease.
The patient does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows an erythematous rash across the cheeks that spares the nasolabial folds.
There are three small ulcers on the hard palate.
In addition, he has been experiencing weakness and malaise.
His past medical history is significant for a bicuspid aortic valve that was replaced 2 years ago.
Physical exam reveals nailbed splinter hemorrhages, tender nodules on his fingers, and retinal hemorrhages.
An echocardiogram shows aortic valve vegetations and culture reveals a gram-positive alpha-hemolytic organism that grows as cocci in chains.
The organism is then exposed to optochin and found to be resistant.
Finally, they are seen to ferment sorbitol.
He appears restless.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.5°F), and his respiratory rate is 39/min.
Examination shows clear rhinorrhea and a barking cough.
There is a prolonged inspiratory phase with a harsh stridor upon agitation.
An x-ray of the neck shows tapering of the subglottic region.
His parents say there was no obvious injury.
After questioning, the mother says that an uncle of hers had similar problems.
The vital signs include heart rate 146/min, respiratory rate 26/min, temperature 37.1°C (98.8°F) and blood pressure 90/52 mm Hg.
On physical examination, the swelling of the right knee is evident.
The rest of the physical findings are unremarkable.
The ultrasound is compatible with the hemarthrosis of the right knee.
He is a healthcare worker and began isoniazid 3 months ago after a routine PPD yielded a 12-mm induration.
He feels otherwise well and attributes this to his vegetarian diet that he has been following for the past 4 years.
His past medical history is unremarkable, but his family history is significant for a "liver disease," the specifics of which are unknown.
Physical exam shows mildly reduced sensation to pinprick over the distal lower extremities.
The abdomen is soft, nontender, and without hepatosplenomegaly.
The study involved 150 elderly patients diagnosed with depressive illness from the psychiatry ward, as well as another group of 150 elderly patients without any history of depressive illness (but hospitalized for other reasons) at the same ward.
The data were collected through questionnaires, and 2 principal investigators (who were also the patients’ attending physicians) acted as interviewers after proper training for the purposes of this study.
Multivariate analyses of logistic regression with independent variables were employed to determine the adjusted odds ratio for the risk of developing depression.
The study results showed that a lower level of social support, lack of education, and the presence of chronic illnesses highly correlated with depression.
Patient says she noticed herself gaining weight and a milky white discharge from her breasts.
Past medical history is significant for schizophrenia, recently diagnosed and treated with risperidone.
No history of headache, nausea, and vomiting.
No other current medications.
Her last menstrual period was 2 months ago.
Review of systems is significant for decreased libido.
Patient is afebrile and vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, patient had a weight gain of 3 kg (6.6 lb) over the past month.
There is bilateral breast tenderness present.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
The pain travels along the left arm and upper jaw.
The patient also reports difficulty breathing and profuse sweating.
He has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the last 35 years.
His medications include enalapril and metformin.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 110/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg.
An ECG shows ST elevation in the leads II, III, and aVF.
Morphine is administered and oxygen supplementation and fluid resuscitation are begun.
Shortly after, the patient becomes unstable.
Following emergency resuscitation and stabilization, a written advance directive provided by the patient's primary care physician shows a do-not-resuscitate (DNR) order.
The patient's wife, who is the power of attorney, disagrees.
The mother informs the pediatrician that the boy had consumed an apple bought from a fruit vendor on the previous day, but that otherwise there has been no recent change in his diet.
There is no history of blood in the stool, flatulence, irritability, or poor appetite.
There is no history of recurrent or chronic diarrhea or any other gastrointestinal symptoms.
On physical examination, his temperature is 37.6°C (99.6°F), pulse is 120/min, respirations are 24/min, and blood pressure is 92/60 mm Hg.
General examination reveals a playful infant with normal skin turgor and no sunken eyes.
The pediatrician explains to the parents that he most likely has acute gastroenteritis and that no specific medication is indicated at present.
He also instructs the parents about his diet during the illness and reviews the danger signs of dehydration.
He suggests a follow-up evaluation after 48 hours or earlier if any complications arise.
On arrival the patient is stuporous.
Her temperature is 35°C (95°F), blood pressure is 105/75 mm Hg, pulse is 55/min, and respirations are 10/min.
Examination shows dry mucous membranes.
The pupils are small and react sluggishly to light.
She does not respond to any commands, and painful stimuli cause her to withdraw all extremities.
No injection marks can be found on her extremities.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
The rash spread rapidly and involves the trunk and extremities.
Last week, he had a mild sore throat, pink eyes, and a headache.
His family recently immigrated from Ethiopia.
His immunization status is unknown.
The patient appears severely ill. His temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F).
Examination shows tender postauricular and suboccipital lymphadenopathy.
There is a nonconfluent, maculopapular rash over the torso and extremities.
Over the past 6 weeks, she has also had increased frequency of urination, and she has been drinking more water than usual.
She has lost 6 kg (13 lb) over the same time period despite having a good appetite.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 125/min, respirations are 32/min, and blood pressure is 94/58 mm Hg.
She appears lethargic.
Physical examination shows deep and labored breathing and dry mucous membranes.
The abdomen is soft, and there is diffuse tenderness to palpation with no guarding or rebound.
Urine dipstick is positive for ketones and glucose.
After an abnormal echocardiogram and pulmonary function testing revealed an isolated reduction in DLCO, a right heart catheterization was ordered to confirm the physician's clinical suspicion.
She has family members with similar findings and genetic testing revealed a mutation in the BMPR2 gene.
A representative lesion from lung biopsy histology is shown in figure A.
The infant appears lethargic and has a large protruding tongue.
Although the infant exhibits signs of neglect, he is in no apparent distress.
The heart rate is 70/min, the respiratory rate is 30/min, and the temperature is 35.7°C (96.2°F).
She reports that the pain radiates to the back and is associated with nausea.
She has hypertension and hyperlipidemia, for which she takes enalapril, furosemide, and simvastatin.
Her temperature is 37.5°C (99.5 °F), blood pressure is 84/58 mm Hg, and pulse is 115/min.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
Examination shows abdominal distention with epigastric tenderness and guarding.
Bowel sounds are decreased.
Extremities are warm.
Laboratory studies show:
Hematocrit 48%
Leukocyte count 13,800/mm3
Platelet count 175,000/mm3
Serum:
Calcium 8.0 mg/dL
Urea nitrogen 32 mg/dL
Amylase 250 U/L
An ECG shows sinus tachycardia.
He currently takes no medications.
The patient has a 3 pack-year smoking history and would like to quit but has been unsuccessful in the past.
His BMI is 29 kg/m^2.
The physician suggests starting an antidepressant for the patient's mood symptoms.
The patient is reluctant, as he used to take sertraline, but stopped it after his erectile dysfunction worsened.
Over the past month, she has unintentionally lost 2 kg (4.4 lb).
Three years ago, she was diagnosed with myelodysplastic syndrome.
Currently, she takes no medications other than aspirin for occasional knee pain.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Her vital signs are within the normal range.
On physical examination, her conjunctivae are pale.
Petechiae are present on the distal lower extremities and on the soft and hard palates.
Palpation reveals bilateral painless cervical lymphadenopathy.
Examination of the lungs, heart, and abdomen shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 9 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 90 μm3
Leukocyte count 3000/mm3
Platelet count 20,000/mm3
A Giemsa-stained peripheral blood smear is shown in the image.
He notes that he went with a group of friends and 1 other group member is experiencing similar symptoms.
Over the past 5 days, he endorses significant flatulence, nausea, and greasy, foul-smelling diarrhea.
He denies tenesmus, urgency, and bloody diarrhea.
The blood pressure is 118/74 mm Hg, heart rate is 88/min, respiratory rate is 14/min, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
Physical examination is notable for mild, diffuse abdominal tenderness.
He has no blood in the rectal vault.
She says they are generally painless, but are sometimes painful on the weekends.
She also has increased fatigue, recurring low-grade fevers, and generalized pruritus.
She does not smoke.
She drinks five to six beers on the weekends.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 80/min, respirations are 12/min, and blood pressure is 130/70 mm Hg.
Physical examination reveals multiple firm and nontender axillary lymph nodes.
A lymph node biopsy shows multinucleate giant lymphocytes with prominent nucleoli that resemble eosinophilic inclusions.
He describes the feeling as "tightness," and also reports weakness and palpitations for the past hour.
He denies shortness of breath, diaphoresis, or lightheadedness.
He has no significant past medical history, and does not smoke, drink, or use illicit drugs.
His father had a myocardial infarction at age 72.
He is afebrile, heart rate is 125 bpm, and his blood pressure is 120/76.
He is alert and oriented to person, place, and time.
His electrocardiogram is shown below.
It is too painful for him to walk without support.
He took ibuprofen, which brought no relief.
He has had no chills or sweats.
Similar painful episodes in the past required multiple hospitalizations.
He returned from a trip to Kenya with his family 2 months ago.
His vaccinations are up-to-date.
His temperature is 38°C (100.4° F), pulse is 100/min, blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows pale conjunctivae.
The abdomen is soft with no organomegaly.
Passive movement of the hip causes severe pain.
There is tenderness on palpation, but no swelling, warmth, or erythema of the hip.
His laboratory studies show a hematocrit of 25% and leukocyte count of 14 000/mm3.
One specimen has a large thrombus in an area of the brain that is important in relaying many modalities of sensory information from the periphery to the sensory cortex.
Physical examination shows tenderness to palpation over the left side of the back.
An x-ray of the chest shows a fracture of the 12th rib on the left side.
He has had generalized bone pain for 2 months.
He was admitted for pyelonephritis last month.
He also received outpatient treatment for pneumonia almost 2 months ago.
Over the past 2 months, he has been taking over-the-counter ibuprofen for pain as needed.
He appears anxious.
The vital signs include: temperature 38.8°C (101.8°F), pulse 95/min, respiratory rate 20/min, and blood pressure 155/90 mm Hg.
The conjunctivae are pale.
Crackles are heard in the right lower lobe.
The cardiac examination shows no abnormalities.
The laboratory studies show the following:
Hemoglobin 9 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 95 μm3
Leukocyte count 13,500/mm3
Segmented neutrophils 75%
Lymphocytes 25%
Platelet count 240,000/mm3
ESR 85 mm/hr
Serum
Na+ 135 mEq/L
K+ 4.2 mEq/L
Cl− 113 mEq/L
HCO3− 20 mEq/L
Ca+ 12.4 mg/dL
Albumin 4 g/dL
Urea nitrogen 38 mg/dL
Creatinine 2.2 mg/dL
A chest X-ray shows a right lower lobe opacity and blurring of the ipsilateral diaphragmatic dome.
Skull and pelvic X-rays are performed (see image).
They have been getting progressively worse and no longer respond to ibuprofen.
He also complains of weight gain and excessive sweating.
Physical examination shows prominent supraorbital ridges, prognathism, macroglossia with thick lips, and disproportionately broad hands and feet.
There is decreased peripheral vision bilaterally on visual field testing.
An MRI of the brain shows a mass in the sella turcica.
Genetic analysis of a biopsy specimen from the mass shows cells that overexpress adenylyl cyclase.
Since the surgery, he says that he has been able to breathe better and is now getting used to tracheostomy care and tracheostomy tube changes.
In addition to this surgery, he has had over twenty surgeries to implant hearing aids, reconstruct his cheekbones, and support his jaw to enable him to swallow.
He was born with these abnormalities and had difficult breathing, hearing, and eating throughout his childhood.
Fortunately, he is now beginning to feel better and is able to attend public school where he is one of the best students in the class.
The patient recently returned from a vacation in rural Mexico and recovered from several episodes of bloody diarrhea.
He has had a notable and rapid decline in his memory which started this morning.
His personality has also changed, has not been sleeping, and seems generally apathetic.
Brief and involuntary muscle twitches have been noted as well.
The patient has a past medical history of hypertension and diabetes.
His temperature is 99.8°F (37.7°C), blood pressure is 152/98 mmHg, pulse is 97/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a confused and apathetic man who is not compliant with the neurological exam.
The patient is admitted to the ICU; however, during his hospital course, the patient ultimately dies.
The ECG findings noted by ST-depressions and T-wave inversions on anterolateral leads, which is also accompanied by elevated cardiac enzymes.
Upon diagnosis, management with inhaled oxygen therapy, beta-blockers and aspirin, and low-molecular-weight heparin therapy were initiated, and she was placed on bed rest with continuous electrocardiographic monitoring.
Since admission, she required 2 doses of sublingual nitric oxide for recurrent angina, and the repeat troponin levels continued to rise.
Given her risk factors, plans were made for early coronary angiography.
The telemetry nurse calls the on-call physician because of her concern with the patient’s mild confusion and increasing need for supplemental oxygen.
At bedside evaluation, The vital signs include: heart rate 122/min, blood pressure 89/40 mm Hg, and the pulse oximetry is 91% on 6L of oxygen by nasal cannula.
The telemetry and a repeat ECG show sinus tachycardia.
She is breathing rapidly, appears confused, and complains of shortness of breath.
On physical exam, the skin is cool and clammy and appears pale and dull.
She has diffuse bilateral pulmonary crackles, and an S3 gallop is noted on chest auscultation with no new murmurs.
She has jugular venous distention to the jaw-line, rapid and faint radial pulses, and 1+ dependent edema.
She is immediately transferred to the intensive care unit for respiratory support and precautions for airway security.
The bedside sonography shows abnormal hypodynamic anterior wall movement and an ejection fraction of 20%, but no evidence of mitral regurgitation or ventricular shunt.
The chest X-ray demonstrates cephalization of pulmonary veins and pulmonary edema.
During this time she has been irritable, restless, and has had multiple episodes of hearing voices.
Over the past month, she has also had difficulty swallowing.
She has a 2-year history of depression.
She was let go by her employer 6 months ago because she could no longer handle all her tasks and often forgot about assignments.
Her father committed suicide at the age of 50.
The patient has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily over the past 20 years.
She has a history of smoking cocaine for 8 years but stopped 1 year ago.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
On mental status examination, she is confused and oriented to person and place only.
Neurologic examination shows a delayed return to neutral ankle position after triggering the plantar reflex.
Physical examination shows irregular, nonrepetitive, and arrhythmic movements of the neck and head.
The patient has poor articulation.
The pain is crampy and associated with an urge to defecate.
The patient reports having had 2 bloody bowel movements in the last hour.
Her operation was complicated by significant intraoperative blood loss, which prolonged the operation and necessitated 2 transfusions of red blood cells.
She has hypercholesterolemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The patient received prophylactic perioperative antibiotics and opioid pain management during recovery.
Her temperature is 37.9°C (98.9°F), pulse is 95/min, and blood pressure is 115/69 mm Hg.
Examination shows a soft abdomen with mild tenderness to palpation in the left quadrants but no rebound tenderness or guarding.
Bowel sounds are decreased.
Rectal examination shows blood on the examining finger.
She is concerned that her son has had intermittent periods of severe abdominal pain over the past several days that has been associated with emesis and "currant jelly" stool.
Of note, the family lives in a rural part of the state, requiring a 2 hour drive to the nearest hospital.
He currently appears to be in significant pain and has vomited twice in the past hour.
On physical examination, a sausage-shaped mass is noted on palpation of the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
Ultrasound of the abdomen was consistent with a diagnosis of intussusception.
An air-contrast barium enema was performed, which confirmed the diagnosis and also successfully reduced the intussusception.
She has a history of hypothyroidism and takes thyroxine replacement.
Her blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg in a supine position and 65/40 mm Hg while sitting, temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), and pulse is 75/min.
On physical examination, there is a mild increase in thyroid size, with a rubbery consistency.
Her skin shows diffuse hyperpigmentation, more pronounced in the oral mucosa and palmar creases.
He is a known user of intravenous cocaine.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows multiple hyperpigmented lines along the forearms.
Oral examination shows marked overgrowth of friable, ulcerated gingival mucosa.
Physical examination shows localized tenderness over the lumbar spine.
An x-ray of the lumbar spine shows several osteoblastic lesions at the level of L2 and L4 vertebrae.
Microscopic examination of a bone biopsy specimen from the L4 vertebra shows irregular bone trabeculae and star-shaped cells with long, cytoplasmic processes located deep within the lacunae.
She was born at 39 weeks' gestation and weighed 3066 g (6 lb 12 oz); she now weighs 3200 g (7 lb 1 oz).
She is exclusively breastfed.
Her older brother died 3 months after liver surgery.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 145/min, and respirations are 40/min.
Examination shows yellow discoloration extending to the palms and soles.
The liver is palpated 1 cm below the right costal margin.
She conducts this study by enrolling the next 100 patients that will be undergoing this surgery and separating them into 2 groups.
She decides which patient will be in which group by using a random number generator.
Subsequently, she prepares 1 set of syringes with the novel substance X and 1 set of syringes with a saline control.
Both of these sets of syringes are unlabeled and the substances inside cannot be distinguished.
She gives the surgeon performing the surgery 1 of the syringes and does not inform him nor the patient which syringe was used.
After the study is complete, she analyzes all the data that was collected and performs statistical analysis.
The pain is constant and mainly behind the eyes.
He has myalgias, nausea, vomiting, and a rash for one day.
Last week, during an academic winter break, he traveled on a tour with his family to several countries, including Brazil, Panama, and Peru.
They spent many evenings outdoors without any protection against insect bites.
There is no history of contact with pets, serious illness, or use of medications.
The temperature is 40.0℃ (104.0℉); the pulse is 110/min; the respiratory rate is 18/min, and the blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg.
A maculopapular rash is seen over the trunk and extremities.
Several tender lymph nodes are palpated in the neck on both sides.
A peripheral blood smear shows no organisms.
Prior to the onset of his arthritis, he recalls having a gastrointestinal infection which caused mild diarrhea and abdominal cramps.
He recovered well and had no issues until his joint pain started.
A prescription for naproxen was previously prescribed but he still does not feel well.
He has no significant past medical or family history.
On physical examination, his blood pressure is 120/78 mm Hg, respirations are 17/min, pulse is 64/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F).
He reports fever without chills and rigors and denies sore throat, abdominal pain, headache, loose stool, burning micturition, or seizures.
He has a history of tics and is currently on a low dose of haloperidol.
At the hospital, his temperature is 39.6°C (103.2°F); the blood pressure is 126/66 mm Hg, and the pulse is 116/min.
He is profusely sweating and generalized rigidity is present.
He is confused and disoriented.
He is able to move all his limbs.
Normal deep tendon reflexes are present with bilateral downgoing plantar responses.
A brain MRI is unremarkable.
Urine toxicology is negative.
The white blood cell count is 14,700/mm3.
Creatine kinase is 5600 U/L.
His mother has also noticed that his eyes do not fully close when sleeping.
He is at the 24th percentile for height, 17th percentile for weight, and 29th percentile for head circumference.
Physical examination shows wrinkled skin, prominent veins on the scalp and extremities, and circumoral cyanosis.
Genetic testing shows a point mutation in a gene that encodes for a scaffold protein of the inner nuclear membrane.
The mutation causes a deformed and unstable nuclear membrane, which leads to premature aging.
He says that the tremor is worst when he is resting but becomes better when he engages in movements such as picking up the remote for his TV.
His wife also says that his movements have become slower over the last few months.
Physical exam reveals increased resistance to passive motion of his extremities.
Gait exam also shows trouble with starting movement and short, shuffling steps.
The most likely cause of this patient's symptoms involve the degeneration of a certain subset of neurons.
She also mentions that the skin above her right breast appears to have thickened.
She denies any pain or nipple discharge.
The past medical history is significant for a total abdominal hysterectomy at 45 years of age.
Her last mammogram 1 year ago was negative for any pathologic changes.
On examination, the right breast was diffusely erythematous with gross edema and tenderness and appeared larger than the left breast.
The right nipple was retracted and the right breast was warmer than the left breast.
No localized mass was palpated.
Pregnancy was confirmed by ultrasonography 14 weeks earlier.
She has no vaginal bleeding or discharge.
She has a history of type 1 diabetes mellitus controlled with insulin.
Vital signs are all within the normal limits.
Pelvic examination shows a soft, 2-cm long cervix in the midline with a cervical os measuring 3 cm and a uterus consistent in size with 24 weeks' gestation.
Transvaginal ultrasonography shows a fetus with no cardiac activity.
He explains that this problem has worsened slowly over the past few years but is now interfering with his ability to play with his grandchildren.
He worked previously as an overnight train conductor, but he has been retired for the past 3 years.
He sleeps approximately 8-9 hours per night and believes his sleep quality is good; however, his wife notes that he often snores loudly during sleep.
He has never experienced muscle weakness or hallucinations.
He has also been experiencing headaches in the morning and endorses a depressed mood.
His physical exam is most notable for his large body habitus, with a BMI of 34.
He has also had fatigue and loss of appetite.
He initially presented 2 weeks ago with a maculopapular rash that has since resolved.
At the time, he was given a prescription for amoxicillin-clavulanate.
He denies sore throat or myalgias.
He is home-schooled and has had no sick contacts.
There are no pets at home, but he often visits a feline animal shelter where his mother volunteers.
His temperature is 38.4°C (101.2°F).
Physical examination shows a 1-cm papular lesion on the back of the right hand.
He also has tender, bulky lymphadenopathy of the axillae and groin.
One to two times per week for the past 2 months, she has woken up frightened in the middle of the night, yelling and crying.
She has not seemed confused after waking up, and she is consolable and able to fall back asleep in her parents' bed.
The following day, she seems more tired than usual at school.
She recalls that she had a bad dream and looks for ways to delay bedtime in the evenings.
She has met all her developmental milestones to date.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
He is on no other medications apart from immunosuppressive therapy.
On physical examination, the vital signs include: pulse 110/min, blood pressure 126/76 mm Hg, respirations 26/min, oxygen saturation 80% at room air, and temperature 37.7°C (99.9°F).
Chest auscultation is normal except for occasional bilateral wheezes.
An X-ray of the chest shows diffuse interstitial infiltrates.
Bronchoalveolar lavage is performed and methenamine silver staining confirms a parasitic infestation.
It worsens when he walks but improves with rest.
His past medical and surgical history are significant for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, and a 40-pack-year smoking history.
His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 167/108 mm Hg, pulse is 88/min, respirations are 13/min, and oxygen saturation is 95% on room air.
Physical exam of the lower extremities reveals palpable but weak posterior tibial and dorsalis pedis pulses bilaterally.
During the last two weeks, she has had nausea and two episodes of non-bloody vomiting.
She also reports increased urinary frequency.
Her pregnancy and delivery of her first child were uncomplicated.
Last year, she had two episodes of grand-mal seizure.
She is sexually active with her husband and they use condoms inconsistently.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
She does not use illicit drugs.
Current medications include valproic acid and a multivitamin.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
A urine pregnancy test is positive.
The pain is dull, nonradiating, worse after eating, and occasionally associated with bloating and diarrhea.
His symptoms have not improved despite 4 weeks of treatment with omeprazole.
He attributes his weight loss to recently eating very small portions and avoiding fatty foods.
He has hypertension and hypercholesterolemia.
He underwent a coronary artery bypass graft operation for coronary artery disease 8 years ago.
Current medications include lisinopril, metoprolol, atorvastatin, and aspirin.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 20 years and drinks 1–2 beers daily.
His pulse is 79/min and blood pressure is 138/89 mm Hg.
Examination shows a soft abdomen without tenderness to palpation or guarding.
She is currently on a ventilator and sedatives.
Hemodialysis is performed via a catheter placed in the right internal jugular vein.
Feeding is via a nasogastric tube.
An indwelling urinary catheter shows minimum output.
Her blood pressure is 85/45 mm Hg, the pulse is 112/min, the respirations are 32/min, and the temperature is 39.6°C (103.3°F).
The examination of the central catheter shows erythema around the insertion site with no discharge.
Lung auscultation shows rhonchi.
Cardiac examination shows no new findings.
A chest CT scan shows bilateral pleural effusions with no lung infiltration.
Empirical antibiotic therapy is initiated.
Blood cultures obtained from peripheral blood and the catheter tip show S. aureus with a similar antibiogram.
Urinary culture obtained from the indwelling catheter shows polymicrobial growth.
He says he feels well except for occasional abdominal pain.
He describes the pain as 4/10–5/10 in intensity, diffusely localized to the periumbilical and epigastric regions, radiating to the groin.
The pain occurs 1–2 times a month and always subsides on its own.
The patient denies any recent history of fever, chills, nausea, vomiting, change in body weight, or change in bowel and/or bladder habits.
His past medical history is significant for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and peripheral vascular disease, managed with lisinopril and simvastatin.
The patient reports a 40-pack-year smoking history and 1–2 alcoholic drinks a day.
The blood pressure is 150/100 mm Hg and the pulse is 80/min.
Peripheral pulses are 2+ bilaterally in all extremities.
Abdominal exam reveals a bruit in the epigastric region along with mild tenderness to palpation with no rebound or guarding.
There is also a pulsatile abdominal mass felt on deep palpation at the junction of the periumbilical and the suprapubic regions.
The remainder of the physical exam is normal.
Afterwards, he complains of shortness of breath and chest pain with deep inhalation.
He has hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
He smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 35 years but quit prior to admission to the hospital.
He does not drink alcohol.
He is in distress and appears ill. His temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, and pulse is 135/min and weak.
Oxygen saturation is 88% on room air.
Physical examination shows elevated jugular venous distention.
Cardiac examination shows a regular, rapid heart rate and a holosystolic murmur that increases during inspiration.
His abdomen is soft and mildly tender to palpation around the surgical site.
Examination of his extremities shows pitting edema of the left leg.
His skin is cold and clammy.
She says that the pain began 6 weeks ago a few days after she had gotten over a minor upper respiratory infection.
She admits that the pain is worse in the morning, and she occasionally notes subjective fever but has not taken her temperature.
She also admits that her appetite has mildly decreased, but she denies any change in weight.
The pain is partially alleviated by ibuprofen, but she has been unsatisfied with the results.
She is concerned about her condition as it makes caring for her two young children very difficult.
Temperature is 99.4°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 119/73 mmHg, pulse is 75/min, and respirations are 18/min.
Physical examination demonstrates swelling and tenderness over the wrists and metacarpophalangeal joints bilaterally.
Bilateral radiographs of the hands demonstrate mild periarticular osteopenia around the left fifth metacarpophalangeal joint.
Apart from the past 2 months, she has had regular menstrual cycles.
She had menarche at the age of 13.
She has no personal or family history of any serious illnesses.
She takes no medications.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormal findings.
Laboratory studies show elevated serum beta-HCG and AFP levels.
An abdominal ultrasound shows a predominantly solid mass in the left ovary.
The right ovary and the uterus show no abnormal findings.
The patient's mother reports his urine was red this morning.
3 weeks ago, he presented to this same clinic with a ‘sandpaper’ rash and a red tongue with patchy hyperplastic fungiform papillae for which he was given broad-spectrum antibiotics.
Laboratory tests reveal proteinuria, elevated antistreptolysin O, and decreased serum C3.
Which of the following conditions mentioned below are triggered by a similar mechanism?
I. Arthus reaction
II.
Myasthenia gravis
III.
Acute rheumatic fever
IV.
She has been having severe anxiety and fatigue for the past seven months.
She has difficulty concentrating and her work has suffered, and she has also developed diarrhea from the stress.
She doesn't understand why she feels so anxious and is unable to attribute it to anything specific aspect of her life right now.
You decide to begin pharmacotherapy.
He mostly works on his family’s rice farm, where he also takes care of livestock.
A physical examination revealed multiple erythematous macules and papules on the face, arms, chest, and back, as well as thinning of the eyebrows and loss of some eyelashes.
Additional findings include hypopigmented macules around the elbows, which are insensitive to light touch, temperature, and pinprick.
The grip strength is slightly diminished bilaterally with the conservation of both bicipital reflexes.
Her roommate says that the patient has been acting “strangely” for the past 10 days.
She has noticed that the patient has been moving and talking on the phone at all hours of the night.
She doesn’t think that the patient sleeps more than one to two hours a night.
She also spends hours pacing up and down the apartment, talking about “trying to save the world.” She also notices that the patient has been speaking very fast.
When asking the patient if anything seems different, the patient denies anything wrong, only adding that, “she’s made great progress on her plans."
The patient said she has felt like this on one occasion 2 years ago, and she recalled being hospitalized for about 2 weeks.
She denies any history of depression, although she said about a year ago she had no energy and had a hard time motivating herself to go to class and see her friends for months.
She denies hearing any voices or any visual hallucinations.
She landed on her left side and hit the left side of her head.
She did not lose consciousness.
She has a mild headache over the left temple and severe left hip pain.
She has had nasal congestion, a sore throat, and a productive cough for the last 2 days.
She has a history of atrial fibrillation, coronary artery disease, hypertension, and osteoporosis.
She underwent two coronary artery bypass grafts 5 years ago.
She had smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 30 years but quit 30 years ago.
Her current medications include aspirin, apixaban, diltiazem, omeprazole, and vitamin D supplementation.
The patient is oriented to person, place, and time.
There is a 2-cm ecchymosis over the left temple.
Examination of the left hip shows swelling and tenderness; range of motion is limited.
Intravenous morphine 2 mg is started.
During further examination, the patient complains of dizziness and palpitations.
She is diaphoretic and pale.
Her skin is cold and clammy.
Her pulse is 110/min and faint, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 70/30 mm Hg.
Cranial nerves are intact.
Cardiac examinations shows no murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
An ECG shows absent P waves and nonspecific changes of the ST segment and the T wave.
Physical exam reveals an abnormal appearing scrotum around the left testis, as depicted in image A.
He has burns over his left hand.
The mother tells the doctor that the child was playing unobserved in the kitchen and accidentally grabbed a hot spoon, which produced the burn.
She also says his pediatrician had expressed concern as to the possibility of autism spectrum disorder during the last visit and had suggested regular follow-up.
The boy was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
He is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
On physical examination, his temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse rate is 140/min, and respiratory rate is 28/min.
He is irritable and crying excessively.
On examination, the skin of the left hand is white-pink with small blisters over the entire dorsal aspect of the hand, but the skin of the palmar surface is undamaged.
There is a sharp demarcation between healthy skin above the wrist and the injured skin of the hand.
There are no burns or another injury anywhere else on the child.
He has a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and myocardial infarction 10 years ago.
Current medications include metoprolol, lisinopril, ethacrynic acid, eplerenone, and aspirin.
He drinks 1 beer daily.
He has a 30-pack-year smoking history.
He is allergic to sulfonamides.
His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), his pulse is 120/min, and his blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg.
Physical examination reveals jugular venous distention and 3+ pitting edema in his lower legs.
Crackles are heard at both lung bases.
The point of maximal impulse is 2 cm to the left of the midclavicular line in the 6th intercostal space.
You analyze 200 patients in total, half of which are controls.
In the trial arm, 30% of exposed patients ultimately contracted bacterial meningitis.
In the unexposed group, only 1% contracted the disease.
They have several papules, vesicles, pustules, and crusts on their scalps, torso, and limbs.
The skin lesions are pruritic.
Other than that, the boys appear to be well.
The father reports that several children in school have a similar rash.
The family recently returned from a beach vacation but have not traveled internationally.
Both boys have stable vital signs within normal limits.
She has been experiencing these symptoms for the last 6 months and they have progressively gotten worse.
An ultrasound reveals a large ovarian mass and abdominal and pelvic CT reveals no metastases.
Her serum levels of CA-125 are elevated and the biopsy reveals the primary neoplasm as ovarian in origin.
Her cancer is characterized as invasive carcinoma without metastasis.
Her prenatal history is remarkable for proteinuria in the absence of hypertension during her third trimester check-up.
She denies any smoking, alcohol use, sick contacts, abdominal pain, fever, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea.
Her temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 150/90 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 26/min.
Her first pregnancy and delivery were complicated by iron deficiency anemia and pregnancy-induced hypertension.
She has had no routine prenatal care during this pregnancy but was diagnosed with oligohydramnios 4 weeks ago.
The remainder of her medical history is not immediately available.
A 2400-g (5.4-lb) female newborn is delivered vaginally.
Examination of the newborn shows a short, mildly webbed neck and low-set ears.
Ocular hypertelorism along with slanted palpebral fissures are noted.
A cleft palate and hypoplasia of the nails and distal phalanges are present.
There is increased coarse hair on the body and face.
Of note, she has been unable to tolerate cold environments since the birth of her child.
Review of systems is positive for fatigue, lightheadedness, and a 3-pound weight gain over the last 3 weeks.
Her delivery was complicated by placenta accreta with postpartum blood loss.
Her newborn infant is doing well on formula.
She denies any personal or family history of thyroid disease.
Physical exam is overall unremarkable.
She initially had symptoms only when consuming solid foods, but for the past 2 months she has also had difficulty swallowing liquids.
She describes a feeling of food “getting stuck” in her throat.
She was diagnosed with gastroesophageal reflux disease 2 years ago and has had episodic pallor of her fingers since adolescence.
She has smoked half a pack of cigarettes daily for 24 years.
Her only medication is omeprazole.
Her pulse is 65/min, respirations are 12/min, and blood pressure is 127/73 mm Hg.
Examination shows thickening of the skin of her fingers, with small white papules on her fingertips.
There are small dilated blood vessels on her face, lips, and tongue.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
A week ago, he was diagnosed with pharyngitis after returning home from summer camp and is currently taking antibiotics.
There is no family history of serious illness.
His temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse is 90/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows periorbital edema, generalized lymphadenopathy, and well-circumscribed, erythematous, confluent skin lesions of variable sizes up to several centimeters in width over his entire body.
There is pain on passive movement of wrists and ankle joints bilaterally.
Urine dipstick shows 1+ proteinuria.
There is no hematuria.
She also reports that she has had 4 episodes of watery diarrhea per day for the last 3 days.
She has chronic bronchitis.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 30 years.
Her temperature is 39°C (102.2°F) and pulse is 65/min.
Examination shows diffuse crackles over the left lower lung field.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 13.8 g/dL
Leukocyte count 16,000/mm3
Platelet count 150,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 131 mEq/L
Cl- 102 mEq/L
K+ 4.7 mEq/L
An x-ray of the chest shows consolidation of the left lower lobe.
A Gram stain of induced sputum shows numerous neutrophils but no organisms.
She states she has recently started experiencing pain in her legs and her back.
Last year, she experienced a fracture of her left arm while trying to lift groceries.
The patient states that she does not consume any dairy and does not go outside often because of the pain in her legs and back.
Of note, she takes carbamazepine for seizures.
On exam, her vitals are within normal limits.
You suspect the patient might have osteomalacia.
He could sit alone at 12 months and started walking with support at the age of 2 years.
He can name only very few familiar objects and uses simple two-word sentences.
He cannot stack more than 2 blocks.
His parents report that he does not like playing with other children.
He is at the 80th percentile for head circumference, 85th percentile for height, and 50th percentile for weight.
He has a long and narrow face as well as large protruding ears.
His thumbs can be passively flexed to the ipsilateral forearm.
Her last menstrual period was 7 weeks ago.
A urine pregnancy test is positive.
A pelvic ultrasound shows a normal appearing uterus with an empty intrauterine cavity and a minimal amount of free pelvic fluid.
Treatment with a drug is begun.
He feels well; however, he is concerned about the need for prostate cancer screening.
He has a 3-year history of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
His symptoms of urinary hesitancy and terminal dribbling of urine are well controlled with tamsulosin and finasteride.
He also had a percutaneous coronary angioplasty done 2 years ago following a diagnosis of unstable angina.
His medication list also includes aspirin, atorvastatin, losartan, and nitroglycerin.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
He has never had a serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) test or prostate ultrasonography.
The patient also reports a weight loss of 10 lbs during this time, without a change in her appetite.
She denies fatigue, cough, hoarseness, pain, or hemoptysis.
The patient has a history of childhood lymphoma, which was treated with radiation.
She takes no medications.
She has smoked 1 pack of cigarettes per day since she was 25 years old.
Her physical exam is notable for a palpable nodule on the right side of the thyroid.
An ultrasound is performed, which confirms a 1.2 cm hyperechoic nodule in the right lobe.
During this time, the symptoms have always occurred in the late evening.
The parents also report that prior to the onset of these symptoms, their son had a low-grade fever and a runny nose for 2 days.
He attends daycare.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
His temperature is 37.8°C (100°F) and respirations are 33/min.
Physical examination shows supraclavicular retractions.
There is a high-pitched breath sound on inspiration.
He has had recurrent episodes of fever, shortness of breath, and fatigue in the past 3 years.
His pulse is 132/min and blood pressure is 90/66 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 82%.
Auscultation of the chest shows coarse crackles in both lungs and a diastolic murmur at the cardiac apex.
Despite appropriate lifesaving measures, he dies.
A photomicrograph of a section of myocardium obtained at autopsy is shown.
On physical exam, the patient is found to have mildly protuberant eyes bilaterally as well as discoloration and swelling of her shins.
He says that his symptoms began suddenly 6 hours ago and have not improved.
He describes the pain as severe, colicky, and ‘coming in waves’.
It is localized to the right flank and radiates to the groin.
He says he has associated nausea.
He denies any fever, chills, dysuria, or hematuria.
His past medical history is significant for asymptomatic nephrolithiasis, diagnosed 9 months ago on an upright abdominal radiograph, which has not yet been treated.
The patient’s vital signs include: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 145/90 mm Hg, pulse 119/min, and respiratory rate 21/min.
On physical examination, the patient is constantly moving and writhing with pain.
There is severe right costovertebral angle tenderness.
The remainder of the physical examination is unremarkable.
A urine dipstick shows 2+ blood.
A noncontrast CT of the abdomen and pelvis reveals a 4-mm-diameter radiopaque stone at the right ureteropelvic junction.
Several nonobstructing small-diameter stones are noted in the left kidney.
Mild hydronephrosis of the right kidney is noted.
Intravenous fluids are started and ondansetron is administered.
He did not require any circulatory resuscitation at the scene, but he was intubated because he was unresponsive.
He has no history of serious illnesses.
He is on mechanical ventilation with no sedation.
His blood pressure is 121/62 mm Hg, the pulse is 68/min, and the temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F).
His Glasgow coma scale (GCS) is 3.
Early laboratory studies show no abnormalities.
A search of the state donor registry shows that he has registered as an organ donor.
During her last visit, the physician started discussing with her the possibility of starting her on dialysis for her chronic kidney disease.
The patient has no complaints about her health and enjoys spending time with her family.
At presentation, she is afebrile; the blood pressure is 139/89 mm Hg and the heart rate is 80/min.
On physical examination, her pulses are bounding, the complexion is pale, she has a grade ⅙ holosystolic murmur, breath sounds remain clear, and 2+ pedal edema to the knee.
She reports having some difficulty placing books on a high shelf and getting up from a seated position.
She denies muscle pain or any new rashes.
She has noticed a tremor that is worse with action and has been having trouble falling asleep and staying asleep.
She has lost approximately 10 pounds unintentionally over the course of 2 months.
Medical history is significant for type I diabetes mellitus managed with an insulin pump.
Family history is notable for systemic lupus erythematosus in her mother and panic disorder in the father.
Her temperature is 98.6°F (37 °C), blood pressure is 140/85 mmHg, pulse is 102/min, and respirations are 17/min.
On physical exam, she is mildly diaphoretic and restless, she has notable lid retraction, and her hair is thin.
She has 4/5 strength in the proximal upper and lower extremities.
Biceps and patellar tendon reflexes are 3+.
He has been vomiting for the past 36 hours after celebrating his team’s win at the national hockey championship with his varsity friends while consuming copious amounts of alcohol.
His personal medical history is unremarkable.
His blood pressure is 129/89 mm Hg while supine and 100/70 mm Hg while standing.
His pulse is 98/min, strong and regular, with an oxygen saturation of 98%.
His body temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), while the rest of the physical exam is normal.
The pain is sharp, causing her to have nausea and vomiting.
She also endorses urinary frequency, but denies vaginal discharge.
There have been no complications in her pregnancy thus far.
Her abdominal exam is remarkable for left lower quadrant tenderness to palpation with pain radiating to the left groin, but no guarding.
She also has tenderness to palpation of the left flank.
Blood is visible on inspection of the perineal area.
She states that she is having severe pain whenever she urinates and seems to be urinating more frequently than normal.
She reports that her symptoms started after she began having unprotected sexual intercourse with 1 partner earlier this week.
The physician obtains a urinalysis which demonstrates the following, SG: 1.010, Leukocyte esterase: Positive, Nitrites: Positive, Protein: Trace, pH: 5.0, RBC: Negative.
A urease test is performed which is negative.
She is nauseous but has not vomited.
She can see colored bright circles when she looks at a light source.
She is currently being treated for a urinary tract infection with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
She appears uncomfortable.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows visual acuity of 20/20 in the left eye and counting fingers at 5 feet in the right eye.
The right eye shows conjunctival injection and edema of the cornea.
The right pupil is dilated and fixed.
Intravenous analgesia and antiemetics are administered.
She has no chronic diseases.
The past medical history is significant for myomectomy performed 10 years ago for a large uterine fibroid.
She had 2 uncomplicated pregnancies and 2 spontaneous vaginal deliveries.
Currently, she only takes oral contraceptives.
She is a former smoker with a 3-pack-year history.
Her last Pap test performed 2 years ago was negative.
She had a normal blood glucose measurement 3 years ago.
The family history is remarkable for systolic hypertension in her mother and older brother.
The blood pressure is 110/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 76/min, respirations are 16/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
The patient is afebrile.
The BMI is 32 kg/m2.
Her physical examination is unremarkable.
The bacteria are inoculated in a petri dish containing hypotonic saline.
After the addition of an antibiotic, the bacteria swell and rupture.
Other than mild asthma, the patient’s pregnancy has been uncomplicated.
She has attended many prenatal appointments and followed the physician's advice about screening for diseases, laboratory testing, diet, and exercise.
Previous pregnancies were uncomplicated.
She has no history of a serious illness.
She is currently on intravenous infusion of oxytocin.
Her temperature is 37.2°C (99.0°F), blood pressure is 108/60 mm Hg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 17/min.
Uterine palpation reveals a soft enlarged fundus that extends above the umbilicus.
There is no personal or family history of serious illness.
Examination shows normal breast development.
Pubic hair is coarse and extends to the inner surface of the thighs.
Pelvic examination shows a blind vaginal pouch.
Ultrasonography shows ovaries, but no uterus.
He has also had diarrhea and difficulty sleeping.
He appears irritable.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 110/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows cool, damp skin with piloerection.
The pupils are 7 mm in diameter and equal in size.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is tender to palpation.
Bowel sounds are hyperactive.
Deep tendon reflexes are 3+ bilaterally.
She has no history of the gynecologic disease and had normal Pap smear results prior to the current pregnancy.
The pelvic examination does not reveal any cervical lesions.
Colposcopy shows a non-deformed cervix with a well-visualized transformation zone.
Application of acetic acid reveals an area of acetowhite epithelium 2 cm in the largest diameter located at 6 o’clock with sharp irregular borders.
A punch biopsy shows irregularly shaped tongues of pleomorphic squamous epithelium cells invading the stroma to a depth of 2 mm.
Her past medical history is notable for hypertension and diabetes mellitus.
Her temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 160/95 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On physical exam, she is tender to palpation in her abdomen and has mild edema in her extremities.
A urine dipstick demonstrates 3+ protein.
The patient is immediately started on IV magnesium sulfate, diazepam, and a medication that affects both a- and ß-adrenergic receptors.
She says that these symptoms have been present for the past month.
Before that, she had no signs or symptoms and was completely healthy.
She has also lost her appetite and some weight.
A complete blood count (CBC) showed severe pancytopenia.
The patient’s parents noticed that his eyes were very puffy this morning thus prompting his presentation.
They state their son has always been very healthy and other than a rash acquired from wrestling treated with a topical antibiotic has been very healthy.
His temperature is 98.3°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 125/85 mmHg, pulse is 89/min, respirations are 18/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for periorbital edema but is otherwise unremarkable.
Urinalysis is notable for red blood cells and an amber urine sample.
Her pregnancy has been uncomplicated.
She has largely been compliant with her prenatal care but missed some appointments.
She has a history of chronic hypertension.
She drinks a glass of wine once per week.
Current medications include labetalol, iron, and vitamin supplements.
Her temperature is 37.9°C (100.2°F), pulse is 70/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 128/82 mm Hg.
Examination shows a soft and nontender abdomen on palpation.
Speculum examination demonstrates clear fluid in the cervical canal.
The fetal heart rate is reactive at 170/min with no decelerations.
Tocometry shows no contractions.
The vaginal fluid demonstrates a ferning pattern when placed onto a glass slide.
Physical examination shows darkened skin and a firm mass in the right upper quadrant.
His blood glucose is 220 mg/dL.
A photomicrograph of a specimen obtained on liver biopsy is shown.
Her past medical history includes diabetes and hypertension, which are well-controlled with metformin and losartan, respectively.
The patient reports a healthy diet consisting of mainly vegetables and lean meat.
She denies smoking or alcohol use.
She enjoys taking walks with her husband and sunbathing.
Physical examination is unremarkable expect for a rough, scaly, sand paper-like plaque on her left dorsal hand with no tenderness or pain.
He feels well.
His most recent examination 2 years ago included purified protein derivative (PPD) skin testing and showed no abnormalities.
He is a retired physician and recently came back from rural China where he completed a voluntary service at a local healthcare center.
A PPD skin test is performed.
Three days later, an induration of 12 mm is noted.
An x-ray of the chest shows no abnormalities.
He is started on a drug that inhibits the synthesis of mycolic acid.
She has complaints of malaise, occasional nausea, and changes in food preferences.
Her vital signs include: blood pressure 100/70 mm Hg, heart rate 90/min, respiratory rate 14/min, and temperature 36.8℃ (98.2℉).
Examination reveals a systolic ejection murmur along the left sternal border.
There are no changes in skin color, nails, or hair growth.
No neck enlargement is noted.
A total of 1,000 women who have given birth to at least 1 child are placed into 1 of 2 groups according to the birth weight of their 1st child.
Each group includes 500 women whose 1st child either weighed < 2,500 g (5.5 lb) or > 2,500 g (5.5 lb).
In the 1st group, 250 subjects admitted to living with or being in close proximity to a smoker.
In the 2nd group, 50 subjects admitted to living with or being in close proximity to a smoker.
She is awake but slow to respond.
Her breath smells of alcohol.
The emergency medical technician reports that her blood pressure has been dropping despite intravenous fluids.
Ultrasound reveals a hypoechoic rim around the spleen, suspicious for a splenic laceration.
The patient is brought into the operating room for abdominal exploration and a splenic embolization is performed.
Since arriving to the hospital, the patient has received 8 units of packed red blood cells and 2 units of fresh frozen plasma.
She is stabilized and admitted for observation.
The next morning on rounds, the patient complains of numbness and tingling of her mouth and cramping of her hands.
Her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 110/69 mmHg, and pulse is 93/min.
On physical examination, her abdomen is mildly tender without distention.
The surgical wound is clean, dry, and intact.
Jugular venous pressure is normal.
Periodic spasms of the muscles of her bilateral upper and lower extremities can be seen and tapping of the facial nerve elicits twitching of he facial muscles.
He also reports nausea, but denies fever, vomiting, or changes in the appearance of his bowel movements.
His medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, coronary artery disease, stroke, atrial fibrillation, and peptic ulcer disease.
Due to his recurrent bleeding peptic ulcers, he does not take warfarin.
His surgical history is significant for an appendectomy as a child.
His medications include metformin, lisinopril, metoprolol, and omeprazole.
He has a 50-pack-year history of smoking.
His temperature is 37.6 C (99.7 F), blood pressure is 146/80 mm Hg, pulse is 115/min, and respiratory rate is 20/min.
On physical exam, he is in acute distress due to the pain.
Pulmonary auscultation reveals scattered wheezes and decreased air entry.
His heart rate is irregularly irregular, with no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Abdominal exam is significant for decreased bowel sounds and diffuse tenderness.
Initial laboratory evaluation is as follows:
Na 138 mEq/L, Cl 101 mEq/L, HCO3 12 mEq/L, BUN 21 mg/dL, Cr 0.9 mg/dL, glucose 190 mg/dL, amylase 240 U/L (normal < 65 U/L).
She loses small amounts of urine without warning after laughing or sneezing.
She also sometimes forgets the names of her grandchildren and friends.
She is retired and lives at an assisted-living facility.
She has insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus type 2.
Her mother received a ventriculoperitoneal shunt around her age.
She walks without any problems.
Sensation to pinprick and light touch is normal.
On examination, there is a palpable firm lymph node in the cervical area.
Biopsy of the lymph node reveals Hodgkin’s lymphoma.
The patient agrees to start the standard chemotherapy regimen.
A few months later, after the completion of 3 successful courses, the patient presents with a dry cough and progressively worsening shortness of breath.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), the blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, the pulse is 72/min, and the respirations are 16/min.
Pulse oximetry shows an O2 saturation of 94% on room air.
On spirometry, the patient's FEV1/FVC ratio is normal.
Chest CT reveals bilateral diffuse cystic airspaces in middle and lower lung fields.
A CT angiogram of the chest shows active extravasation from the right bronchial artery.
A coil embolization is planned to stop the bleeding.
During this procedure, a catheter is first inserted into the right femoral artery.
He states that he first noticed the lesion last year, but he believes that it has been slowly growing in size.
He otherwise does not have any complaints and is generally healthy.
He takes no medications.
He does not smoke or use illicit drugs.
Physical examination shows hepatosplenomegaly and diffuse, nontender lymphadenopathy.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 11 g/dL and a leukocyte count of 16,000/mm3.
A direct antiglobulin (Coombs) test is positive.
A photomicrograph of a peripheral blood smear is shown.
The patient was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
He is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
There is no history of palpitation, dyspnea, or lower limb edema.
On physical examination his vital signs are stable.
On chest auscultation, a wide fixed split in the second heart sound is detected.
A medium-pitched systolic ejection murmur is present which is best heard at the left middle and upper sternal border.
A short mid-diastolic rumble is also audible over the lower left sternal border, which is best heard with the bell of the stethoscope.
He was born at home, and has not received any medical care since birth.
The mother states the boy has become irritable and has been feeding poorly.
In the last day, she said he seems "stiff" and is having apparent muscle spasms.
On your exam, you note the findings in figure A.
He presents with a history of extensive eczema, recurrent respiratory, skin, and gastrointestinal infections, and significant thrombocytopenia.
The boy was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
He is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
His family immigrated to the United States 6 months ago from northern Canada.
He is below the 5th percentile for height and at the 10th percentile for weight.
Physical examination shows tenderness to palpation of the right distal femur.
There is hepatosplenomegaly.
An x-ray of right femur shows generalized trabecular thinning and several osteolytic bone lesions.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 9.2 g/dL
Leukocyte count 7,600/mm3
Platelets 71,000/mm3
A bone marrow aspirate shows mononuclear cells filled with lipid that appear like wrinkled silk.
Physical examination shows an irregularly irregular pulse.
An ECG shows irregular QRS complexes without any discrete P waves.
Pharmacotherapy with carvedilol is initiated for his condition.
When co-injected with hepatitis B, hepatitis D RNA was was detected in the blood.
She has no history of serious illness.
Her temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F) and pulse is 109/min.
Physical examination shows diaphoresis and a fine tremor of the outstretched hands.
The thyroid gland is enlarged, firm, and tender to palpation.
Serum thyroid stimulating hormone level is 0.06 μU/mL and erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 65 mm/h.
123I scan shows an enlarged thyroid gland with diffusely decreased uptake.
She was found to have a deep venous thrombosis on further workup after a long plane ride coming back from visiting China.
She denies any personal history of blood clots in her past, but she says that her mother has also had to be treated for pulmonary embolism in the recent past.
Her past medical history is significant for preeclampsia, hypertension, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and hypercholesterolemia.
She currently smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a glass of wine per day, and she currently denies any illicit drug use.
The vital signs include: temperature 36.7°C (98.0°F), blood pressure 126/74 mm Hg, heart rate 111/min, and respiratory rate 23/min.
On physical examination, her pulses are bounding and complexion is pale, but breath sounds remain clear.
Oxygen saturation was initially 81% on room air, with a new oxygen requirement of 8 L by face mask.
On day 6 of combined heparin and warfarin anticoagulation, her platelet count decreases from 182,000/mcL to 63,000/mcL.
Her international normalized ratio (INR) is not yet therapeutic.
She lives alone in her apartment so it is unclear when she began to develop symptoms.
Her medical history is significant for cardiac arrhythmias, diabetes, pericarditis, and a stroke 2 years ago.
On presentation her temperature is 98.1°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 88/51 mmHg, pulse is 137/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On physical exam her skin is cold and clammy.
If special tests were obtained, they would reveal dramatically decreased pulmonary capillary wedge pressure, increased systemic vascular resistance, and mildly decreased cardiac output.
She had menarche at 11 years of age and had regular 28-day cycles by 13 years of age.
She developed menstrual cycle irregularity approximately 2 years ago and has not had a menses for 6 months.
She is not sexually active.
She does not take any medications.
Her weight is 94 kg (207.2 lb) and her height is 166 cm (5.4 ft).
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
The physical examination shows a normal hair growth pattern.
No hair loss or acne are noted.
There is black discoloration of the skin in the axillae and posterior neck.
Palpation of the abdomen reveals slight tenderness in the right lower quadrant, but no masses are appreciated.
The gynecologic examination reveals no abnormalities.
The hymen is intact.
The rectal examination reveals a non-tender, mobile, right-sided adnexal mass.
He was diagnosed with HIV infection 2 weeks ago.
His CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 162/mm3 (N ≥ 500).
An interferon-gamma release assay is negative.
This has happened several nights a week in the past month.
He has also been experiencing occasional discomfort in the afternoon.
The patient's appetite has suffered as a result of the pain he was experiencing.
His clothes hang on him loosely.
The patient does not take any prescription or over the counter medications.
The remainder of the patient’s history and physical exam is completely normal.
The doctor refers the patient to a gastroenterologist for a stomach acid test and an upper gastrointestinal endoscopy which revealed that this patient is a heavy acid producer and has a gastric peptic ulcer.
3 months ago, his HbA1c was 8.9% on routine screening.
Today, after lifestyle modifications, it is 8.1% and his serum glucose is 270 mg/dL.
He has not had chills or sweating.
Over the past year, he was treated twice in the emergency department for painful swelling of his hands and feet.
He emigrated with his family from Kenya 2 years ago.
His temperature is 37.4°C (99.3°F), pulse is 96/min, and blood pressure is 123/82 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows no tenderness, erythema, or joint swelling of the shoulder.
He had been prescribed erythromycin in addition to his usual regimen of rosuvastatin and aspirin.
The mother explains that her daughter started high school four months ago and had lackluster grades in a recent progress report despite having earned consistent top marks in middle school.
The mother complains that her daughter never talks to her at home anymore.
The patient yells at her mother in the exam room, and the mother is escorted out of the room.
The patient scoffs that her mother is so overbeaing, ruining her good days with criticism.
She begins to chew gum and states that she hates hanging out with the girls on the cheerleading squad.
She denies experiencing physical abuse from anyone or having a sexual partner.
She has seen kids smoke marijuana underneath the football field bleachers, but does not go near them and denies smoking cigarettes.
She denies any intention to harm herself or others, thinks her grades went down because her teachers are not as good as her middle school teachers, and states she thinks she learns best by watching explanations through online videos.
He also complains of fever, chills, and sweating that started 10 days ago, as well as persistent coughing with abundant malodorous sputum.
Chest radiography shows a round consolidation with hydro-aerial levels in the middle third of the right hemithorax.
Sputum samples for a direct exam, culture, and bradykinin (BK) are sent.
He is a relatively healthy boy who was born at term via vaginal delivery.
He is meeting his developmental milestones and growth curves and is up-to-date on his immunizations.
The father complains that he is picky with his food and would rather eat pizza.
The patient denies any trouble at school, fevers, pain, or other concerns.
A physical examination demonstrates a healthy boy with a grade 3 midsystolic ejection murmur at the second intercostal space that does not disappear when he sits up.
This is her 3rd emergency department visit in the last 8 weeks due to the same complaint.
She denies fever, shortness of breath, nasal discharge, bowel changes, weight loss, and heat intolerance.
She has asthma that is poorly controlled despite regular inhaler use.
She drinks a cup of coffee each morning, and she is physically active and jogs for at least 30 minutes daily.
She is in a monogamous relationship with her boyfriend and regularly uses barrier contraceptives.
Her last menses was 1 week ago.
Physical examination reveals: blood pressure 104/70 mm Hg, pulse 194 /min that is regular, and respiratory rate 18/min.
Her ECG is shown in the image.
A gentle massage over the carotid artery for 5–10 seconds did not terminate her palpitations.
Oxygen saturation on room air is 81%.
Examination shows central cyanosis.
A continuous machine-like murmur is heard over the left upper sternal border.
A single S2 heart sound is present.
Supplemental oxygen does not improve cyanosis.
Echocardiography shows the pulmonary artery arising from the posterior left ventricle and aorta arising from the right ventricle with active blood flow between the right and left ventricles.
He states that he was outside playing basketball with his friends, forgot to take his inhaler, and began to have severe difficulty breathing.
On exam, he is in clear respiratory distress with decreased air movement throughout all lung fields.
He is immediately treated with beta-agonists which markedly improve his symptoms.
She received adequate prenatal care and labor was uncomplicated.
She has chronic hepatitis B infection and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Her only medication is ranitidine.
She admits to smoking cannabis and one half-pack of cigarettes daily.
She drinks two beers on the weekend.
The mother is apprehensive about taking care of her baby and requests for some information regarding breastfeeding.
Within a few minutes, the male dies.
On autopsy, fresh tracks marks are seen on both arms.
Immediately after delivery, he spontaneously cries, grimaces, and moves all four extremities.
Over the next five minutes, he becomes cyanotic, dyspneic, and tachypneic.
Mask ventilation with 100% oxygen is begun, but ten minutes after delivery the baby continues to appear cyanotic.
His temperature is 37.2°C (99.0°F), pulse is 155/min, respirations are 65/min, and blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on 100% oxygen mask ventilation shows an oxygen saturation of 83%.
Breath sounds are normal on the right and absent on the left.
Heart sounds are best heard in the right midclavicular line.
The abdomen appears concave.
An x-ray of the chest is shown below.
He denies any recent injuries.
He reports that he is doing well in his classes.
He fractured his left collar bone 3 years ago, which required open reduction and internal fixation.
He has not had any other surgeries.
He takes no medications.
His father and his paternal grandfather have hypertension.
When asked about his mother, the patient tears up and he quickly begins talkig about how excited he is for baseball tryouts.
He has a chance this year to be in the starting lineup if, “I just stay focused.” From previous records, the patient’s mother died of ovarian cancer 6 months ago.
They live in Virginia.
The parents state that about 2 hours before, the child was playing in their outdoor shed when he suddenly ran inside crying, saying he was bitten by a bug.
One hour following the bite, the child developed the symptoms of cramping and pain.
He has no known medical history and takes no medications.
His blood pressure is 132/86 mm Hg, the heart rate is 116/min, and the respiratory rate is 20/min.
Vital signs reveal tachycardia and hypertension.
On exam, there is a 1 cm area of erythema to the dorsum of his right hand without any further dermatologic findings.
Palpation of his abdomen reveals firm rigidity but no discernable rebound tenderness.
His pain goes away when he stops walking; however, his condition affects his work as a mail carrier.
His medical history is remarkable for type 2 diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, and 25-pack-year smoking history.
His ankle-brachial index (ABI) is found to be 0.70.
The patient is diagnosed with mild to moderate peripheral artery disease.
A supervised exercise program for 3 months, aspirin, and cilostazol are started.
Vitals are temperature 37°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 80/50 mm Hg, pulse 125/min, respirations 12/min, and oxygen saturation 92% on room air.
On physical examination, the patient is pale and unresponsive.
Cardiac exam reveals tachycardia and a pronounced holosystolic murmur loudest at the apex and radiates to the back.
Lungs are clear to auscultation.
Chest X-ray shows cardiomegaly with clear lung fields.
ECG is significant for ST elevations in the precordial leads (V2-V4) and low-voltage QRS complexes.
Emergency transthoracic echocardiography shows a left ventricular wall motion abnormality along with a significant pericardial effusion.
The patient is intubated, and aggressive fluid resuscitation is initiated.
The mother reports that her son fell from a ladder while playing with friends about a month and a half ago.
He had a runny nose 3 weeks ago.
He has no history of serious illness.
He has reached all developmental milestones for his age.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
His 7-year-old brother has asthma.
He is at 60th percentile for height and 65th percentile for weight.
He appears healthy.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 88/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows a mild left-sided antalgic gait.
The left groin is tender to palpation; abduction and internal rotation are limited by pain.
The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities.
His hemoglobin concentration is 13.3 g/dL, leukocyte count is 8,800/mm3, and platelet count is 230,000/mm3.
An x-ray of the pelvis shows a left femoral epiphysis that is smaller than the right with widening of the medial joint space on the left.
The femoral head shows little discernible damage.
He states that he is doing well and wants to be sure he is healthy.
The patient’s past medical history is significant for type II diabetes mellitus, peripheral vascular disease, and hypertension.
His current medications include metformin, glyburide, lisinopril, metoprolol and hydrochlorothiazide.
His blood pressure is 130/90 mmHg and pulse is 80/min.
A fasting lipid panel was performed last week demonstrating an LDL of 85 mg/dL and triglycerides of 160 mg/dL.
The patient states that he has not experienced any symptoms since his last visit.
The patient’s blood glucose at this visit is 100 mg/dL.
The patient was brought in 20 minutes ago by the supervisor at a homeless shelter who found him passed out next to a bottle of acetaminophen.
The patient has a past medical history of HIV, hepatitis C, IV drug abuse, alcohol abuse, suicide attempt, and constipation.
He takes methadone daily but is notably non-compliant with his anti-retroviral therapy.
His temperature is 104°F (40°C), blood pressure is 85/40 mmHg, pulse is 180/min, respirations are 18/min, and oxygen saturation is 90% on room air.
The patient is started on IV fluids, N-acetylcysteine, and 100% oxygen.
Blood cultures are obtained, and lab work is sent off.
The patient is then started on broad spectrum antibiotics and given norepinephrine.
Repeat vitals demonstrate hypotension and tachycardia.
Serum toxicology returns and is positive for alcohol.
The patient is transferred to the medicine floor and managed further.
Two days later, the patient's vitals have improved.
He states that his son is well but mentions that he has noticed an intermittent bulge on the right side of his son's groin whenever he cries or strains for bowel movement.
Physical exam is unremarkable.
The physician suspects a condition that may be caused by incomplete obliteration of the processus vaginalis.
The rash is itchy and mildly painful.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
He does not smoke or drink alcohol.
His current medications include metformin, glipizide, and enalapril.
He returned from a trip to Nigeria around 5 weeks ago.
He works on a fishing trawler.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 65/min, and blood pressure is 150/86 mm Hg.
Other than the rash on his calf, the examination shows no abnormalities.
A picture of the rash is shown.
She has atrial fibrillation, tinea unguium, gastroesophageal reflux disease, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia.
Current medications include warfarin, enalapril, simvastatin, lansoprazole, hydrochlorothiazide, griseofulvin, and ginkgo biloba.
Two weeks ago, she had an appointment with her podiatrist.
Physical examination shows sagging of her right lower face and decreased muscle strength in her right upper and lower extremity.
Babinski sign is positive on the right.
Her prothrombin time is 14 seconds (INR = 1.5).
He states that he first noticed the tremor of his left hand 1 year ago.
Since then, the tremor has been worsening and now he can hardly relax when trying to read.
His wife says that she is also worried about his memory.
She had to take over the finances several weeks ago after learning that he had forgotten to pay the bills for the past few months.
The patient’s medical history is significant for hypertension.
He takes aspirin and amlodipine.
His mother had schizophrenia.
The patient drinks 1-2 beers a night and is a former cigar smoker.
On physical examination, he speaks softly and has reduced facial expressions.
He has a resting tremor that is worse on the left, and he resists manipulation of his bilateral upper extremities.
Ophthalmologic examination shows a visual acuity of 20/120 in the right eye and 20/80 in the left eye.
Physical examination shows no other abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin of 14.2 g/dL and total serum calcium of 9.9 mg/dL.
A photomicrograph of a peripheral blood smear is shown.
Serum electrophoresis shows increased concentration of a pentameric immunoglobulin.
The patient states he has experienced these symptoms for a few weeks; however, today his hand felt so weak he dropped his cup of tea.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes.
He drinks 2-7 alcoholic drinks per day and has smoked 2 packs of cigarettes per day since he was 25.
The patient admits to using anabolic steroids.
He has lost 17 pounds since he last came to the emergency department 1 month ago.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 177/108 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam reveals decreased sensation in the right arm and 2/5 strength in the right arm and 5/5 strength in in the left arm.
The patient states that he is experiencing a dull aching and burning pain in his right arm during the exam.
Her abdominal pain was initially dull and diffuse but has progressed to a sharp pain on the lower right side.
Two years ago she had to undergo right salpingo-oophorectomy after an ectopic pregnancy.
Her temperature is 38.7°C (101.7°F).
Physical examination shows severe right lower quadrant tenderness with rebound tenderness; bowel sounds are decreased.
Laboratory studies show leukocytosis with left shift.
An abdominal CT scan shows a distended, edematous appendix.
The patient is taken to the operating room for an appendectomy.
During the surgery, the adhesions from the patient's previous surgery make it difficult for the resident physician to identify the appendix.
Her attending mentions that she should use a certain structure for guidance to locate the appendix.
He was the front seat restrained driver in a head-on collision.
He has no significant past medical history.
The patient’s vitals are stabilized and he is ultimately discharged with his injuries appropriately treated.
At the patient’s follow up primary care appointment, he complains of being unable to lift his left foot.
He otherwise states that he feels well and is not in pain.
His vitals are within normal limits.
Physical exam is notable for 1/5 strength upon dorsiflexion of the patient’s left foot, and 5/5 plantarflexion of the same foot.
On physical exam, temperature is 102.3 deg F (39.1 deg C), blood pressure is 90/62 mmHg, pulse is 118/min, and respirations are 25/min.
He is unable to touch his chin to his chest and spontaneously flexes his hips with passive neck flexion.
Appropriate empiric treatment is begun.
CT head is unremarkable, and a lumbar puncture sample is obtained.
Gram stain of the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) reveals gram-positive diplococci.
The patient’s pregnancy is complicated by diet-controlled gestational diabetes.
She has no other medical conditions.
She takes prenatal vitamins.
She denies tobacco, alcohol, or recreational drug use.
She is currently sexually active with her boyfriend of 1 year, but prior to her current relationship, she states she had multiple male partners.
On physical examination, no vaginal bleeding is appreciated.
The cervix is closed, and there is no leakage of fluid or contractions.
Fetal movement is normal.
Fundal height is 33 cm.
Fetal pulse is 138/min.
The patient’s temperature is 37.0 °C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 112/75 mm Hg, and pulse is 76/min.
A urine dipstick is negative for glucose and protein.
Chlamydia trachomatis nucleic acid amplification testing is positive.
She has no history of serious illness.
The patient and her husband are currently trying to conceive a child.
Her only medication is a prenatal multivitamin.
Her temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), pulse is 75/min, and blood pressure is 125/78 mm Hg.
Examination shows mild tenderness to palpation over the suprapubic region.
There is no costovertebral angle tenderness.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 14.8 g/dL
Leukocyte count 8,200/mm3
Platelet count 230,000/mm3
Urine
pH 7
WBC 52/hpf
RBC 17/hpf
Protein negative
Nitrites positive
Leukocyte esterase positive
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
Five months ago, he was diagnosed with high-grade non-Hodgkin lymphoma and a deep vein thrombosis of his right popliteal vein.
His medications include polychemotherapy every 3 weeks and a daily subcutaneous dose of low molecular weight heparin.
The last cycle of chemotherapy was 2 weeks ago.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 94/min, and blood pressure is 110/76 mm Hg.
Examination shows bilateral axillary and inguinal lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, and mild suprapubic tenderness.
Rather than confront her neighbor directly, the woman makes a habit of parking her car in a manner that makes it difficult for her neighbor to park in his spot.
He reports an inability to concentrate and also finds it hard to develop an interest in his daily activities.
He goes on to tell his physician that he struggles to get sleep at night, and, in the morning, he doesn’t have the energy to get out of bed.
He says he feels like a loser since he hasn’t accomplished all that he had set out to do and feels guilty for being unable to provide for his family.
He says he doesn’t have the will to live anymore but denies any plans to commit suicide.
Past medical history is significant for erectile dysfunction which was diagnosed about a year ago.
She has occasional dysphagia, but has no history of prior head and neck irradiation.
The examination shows a mass that moves with deglutition, suggesting a thyroid mass.
An ultrasound of the neck reveals a 3 cm x 3 cm (1.2 in x 1.2 in) mass in the right thyroid lobe with punctate microcalcifications, hypoechogenicity, irregular margins, and enhanced vascularity.
There is no cervical lymphadenopathy.
Her serum TSH is 3.3 mU/L, serum T3 is 2.2 nmol/L, and serum T4 is 111 nmol/L.
An FNAC of the nodule shows abundant follicular cells suspicious of follicular neoplasm.
A right lobectomy with isthmectomy is performed.
She reports that she frequently experiences cramping and pain in her legs during school sports.
The patient is at the 20th percentile for height and 50th percentile for weight.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 70/min, and blood pressure is 155/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows a high-arched palate with maloccluded teeth and a low posterior hairline.
The patient has a broad chest with widely spaced nipples.
Pelvic examination shows normal external female genitalia.
There is scant pubic hair.
He reported that the pain is intense that he had to remove his shoe and sock, and rates the pain level as 6 out of 10.
He does not report trauma or recent infection.
The past medical history includes hypertension.
The medications include hydrochlorothiazide, enalapril, and a daily multivitamin.
The family history is noncontributory.
He consumes alcohol in moderation.
His diet mostly consists of red meat and white rice.
The blood pressure is 137/85 mm Hg, heart rate is 74/min, respiratory rate is 12/min, and the temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F).
The physical examination demonstrates swelling, redness, and tenderness to palpation in the first metatarsophalangeal joint of his right foot.
There are no skin lesions.
The rest of the patient’s examination is normal.
An arthrocentesis procedure is scheduled.
The patient states he has felt unwell for the past week and has felt subjectively febrile.
The patient has a past medical history of a suicide attempt and alcohol abuse.
He is not currently taking any medications.
The patient admits to using heroin and cocaine and drinking 5-8 alcoholic drinks per day.
His temperature is 103°F (39.4°C), blood pressure is 92/59 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, respirations are 20/min, and oxygen saturation is 96% on room air.
Cardiopulmonary exam is notable for a systolic murmur heard best along the left sternal border.
Dermatologic exam reveals scarring in the antecubital fossa.
During this period, he has also had fatigue, myalgia, and difficulty breathing.
Five weeks ago, he underwent an aortic prosthetic valve replacement due to high-grade aortic stenosis.
The patient has a history of hypertension, asthma, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A colonoscopy 2 years ago was normal.
The patient has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 40 years.
He has never used illicit drugs.
Current medications include aspirin, warfarin, lisinopril, metformin, inhaled albuterol, and a multivitamin.
The patient appears lethargic.
Temperature is 38.6°C (101.5°F), pulse is 105/min, and blood pressure is 140/60 mm Hg.
Rales are heard on auscultation of the lungs.
A grade 2/6, diastolic blowing murmur is heard over the left sternal border and radiates to the right sternal border.
A photograph of his right index finger is shown.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 13,800/mm3 and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 48 mm/h.
He describes 3 months of frequent nighttime awakenings and nightmares.
Per chart review, he is a combat veteran and was on a military tour in Afghanistan 4 months ago when a car bomb exploded, injuring him and killing his friend; however, when the physician asks about this, the patient states that he “does not talk about that” and changes the subject.
He reports anxiety, irritability and feeling detached from his friends and family, which he believes is harming his relationships.
Physical exam reveals an overweight, anxious appearing man with normal vital signs and an exaggerated startle response.
He feels tired all the time.
He also no longer feels interested in his work.
He says he has lost weight and says, "I just don’t want to eat."
No significant past medical history.
No current medications.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
The patient is started on sertraline.
He returns for follow-up after 2 weeks and says that he has been compliant with his medications.
He says that he is now getting a full night’s sleep with no early morning awakenings.
Despite regaining his appetite, he hasn’t regained any lost weight, and he still feels fatigued.
He believes that the medication is not working well and asks to be started on something else.
Medical records suggest that he has lost 7.5 kg (16.5 lb) of weight during this period.
There is no history of breathlessness, nasal discharge, nasal obstruction, palpitations, chest pain, or symptoms related to digestion.
He was released from prison 9 months ago after serving a 2-year sentence.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 84/min, respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows hepatomegaly and generalized lymphadenopathy, and auscultation of the chest reveals diffuse crackles throughout the lung fields bilaterally.
On direct ophthalmoscopy, three discrete, yellow-colored, 0.5 mm to 1.0 mm lesions with indistinct borders are seen in the posterior pole.
A chest X-ray is shown in the image.
Tuberculin skin test with purified protein derivative is negative.
He was recently told at a local health fair that he has high blood pressure.
He has not seen a physician since leaving college because he never felt the need for medical attention.
Although he feels fine, he is concerned because his father had hypertension and died due to a heart attack at 61 years of age.
He does not smoke cigarettes but drinks alcohol occasionally.
The blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg today.
The physical examination is unremarkable.
Labs are ordered and he is asked to monitor his blood pressure at home before the follow-up visit.
Two weeks later, the blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
The blood pressure measurements at home ranged from 130/90 to 155/95 mm Hg.
An electrocardiogram (ECG) is normal.
Lab tests show the following:
Serum glucose (fasting) 88 mg/dL
    Serum electrolytes: 
Sodium 142 mEq/L
Potassium 3.9 mEq/L
Chloride 101 mEq/L
Serum creatinine 0.8 mg/dL
Blood urea nitrogen 10 mg/dL
Cholesterol, total 250 mEq/L
HDL-cholesterol 35 mEq/L
LDL-cholesterol 186 mg/dL
Triglycerides 250 mg/dL
    Urinalysis:  
Glucose negative
Ketones negative
Leucocytes negative
Nitrite negative
RBC negative
Casts negative
Regular exercise and a 'heart healthy diet' are advised.
He is started on lisinopril for hypertension.
She has one sexual partner, with whom she had unprotected sexual intercourse 3 days ago.
She does not desire a pregnancy and is interested in a reliable and long-term contraceptive method.
She has read in detail about the reliability, adverse-effects, health risks, and effective duration of intrauterine devices (IUD) as a birth control method.
She requests the physician to prescribe and place an IUD for her.
The physician feels that providing contraception would be a violation of her religious beliefs.
She has no significant medical history.
Two years ago, the woman discovered that her husband of 8 years was having an extramarital affair; this revelation subsequently resulted in a drawn-out divorce.
After the separation, she moved back in with her parents, who note that she stays in her room, sleeps a lot, and rarely eats.
A physical exam shows obtundation.
Her temperature is 37.1ºC (98.7ºF), pulse is 110/min, respirations are 24/min, and blood pressure is 126/78 mm Hg.
Her symptoms began suddenly while she was drinking coffee and have persisted since then.
She has not had shortness of breath, chest pain, dizziness, or loss of consciousness.
She has experienced these palpitations before, but they typically resolve spontaneously within a few minutes.
She has no history of serious illness and takes no medications.
Her temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 155/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 130/82 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 97%.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities other than tachycardia.
An ECG is shown.
Repeated, forceful exhalation against a closed glottis while supine fails to relieve her symptoms.
The mother noticed puffiness on her son’s face a week ago, and it has been progressively worsening since then.
She also states that her son had a sore throat 3 weeks ago.
The patient does not have fever/chills, changes in urinary frequency, or abdominal discomfort.
On physical examination, facial edema is noted.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 145/85 mm Hg, pulse 96/min, temperature 36.7°C (98.1°F), and respiratory rate 20/min.
He has no complaints at this time.
Records show that his systolic blood pressure was in the 130–138 range and diastolic blood pressure in the 88–95 range despite counseling on lifestyle modification.
He admits that he was not compliant with this advice.
He takes no medications and works at home as a web designer.
He does not drink alcohol but smokes marijuana on a weekly basis.
Temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 138/90 mm Hg, pulse is 76/min, and respirations are 12/min.
BMI is 29.8 kg/m2.
Physical examination is normal except for truncal obesity, with a waist circumference of 44 inches.
He is an accountant by profession.
He has difficulty remembering things and events, which has affected his job.
He began using a diary to aid with remembering his agenda.
His wife also says that he has wet his pants multiple times in the past 2 months and he avoids going out.
He has been smoking 1 pack of cigarettes daily for the past 20 years.
His past medical history is unremarkable.
The vital signs include: blood pressure of 134/76 mm Hg, a pulse of 70 per minute, and a temperature of 37.0°C (98.6°F).
His mini-mental state examination (MMSE) result is 22/30.
His extraocular movements are normal.
The muscle tone and strength are normal in all 4 limbs.
The sensory examination is unremarkable.
He has an absent Romberg’s sign.
He walks slowly, taking small steps, with feet wide apart as if his feet are stuck to the floor.
The CT scan of the head is shown in the image.
He was treated appropriately and states that his symptoms are well controlled.
He is presenting today for a general follow up visit.
His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 184/104 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
His physical examination is notable for the findings in Figures A and B.
His pulse is 88/min.
He is pale and anxious.
Serum studies show increased cardiac enzymes.
An ECG shows ST-elevations in leads I, aVL, and V5-V6.
A percutaneous coronary intervention is performed.
Her brother and maternal uncle both have anemia that worsens after taking certain medications.
While on her current cruise to the Caribbean islands, she experienced nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.
She takes aspirin, simvastatin, low-dose prednisone, glargine, and aspart.
She is allergic to amoxicillin and shellfish.
She works as a greeter at a warehouse and smokes 5 packs/day.
Her temperature is 100.5°F (38.1°C), blood pressure is 90/55 mmHg, pulse is 130/min, and respirations are 30/min.
Her pupils are equal and reactive to light bilaterally.
Her lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally, but her breath has a fruity odor.
She has an early systolic murmur best appreciated at the left upper sternal border.
She has reproducible peri-umbilical tenderness.
He also has difficulty with his short-term memory.
Past medical history is otherwise noncontributory.
His father had similar symptoms before he died but those symptoms started at the age of 33.
His blood pressure is 125/92 mm Hg, pulse is 90/min, respiratory rate 12/min, and temperature is 36.6°C (97.9°F).
Physical exam reveals involuntary writhing movements of hands, slow eye movements, and sporadic rigidity.
The physician explains that this is an inherited disorder where the symptoms occur progressively at an earlier age than the parent and often with increased severity in the future generations.
A Tc99m-sestamibi scan shows two spots of increased uptake in the superior mediastinum.
The patient states that he has noticed increased sleepiness during the day at work over the past 6 months in addition to difficulty concentrating and worsening memory.
He denies recent weight loss, and is not sure if he snores because he sleeps by himself.
His past medical history is significant for hypertension and type II diabetes.
Vital signs are T 98.6 F, HR 75 bpm, BP 140/90 mm Hg, RR 18/min.
Physical exam reveals a 350 pound man.
Jugular venous distension is difficult to evaluate due to excess tissue in the neck.
There is no peripheral edema.
Lung exam is normal.
Routine CBC shows WBC count of 5000 cells/ml, platelet count of 350,000/mcL, hemoglobin of 18 gm/dL, and hematocrit of 54%.
While the assay has been tested extensively in Maine, a group of inventors are planning to test it in Southern California.
An hour earlier, he dropped to the floor and began to violently shake his extremities.
He urinated on the carpet and seemed confused for several minutes after.
He is now feeling better.
He has never experienced an episode like this before, nor does he think anyone in his family has.
He and his wife are concerned that he has unintentionally lost 22.6 kg (50 lb) in the past 6 months.
He has also been experiencing chest pain and has coughed up blood on a few occasions.
He has a 50-pack-year smoking history and quit 2 years ago.
His temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), heart rate is 98/min, respiratory rate is 15/min, blood pressure is 100/75 mm Hg, and he is O2 saturation is 100% on room air.
The physical exam, including a full neurologic and cardiac assessment, demonstrates no abnormal findings.
Edema, ascites, and skin tenting are notably absent.
A brain MRI does not indicate areas of infarction or metastatic lesions.
ECG is normal.
Urine toxicology screen is negative.
EEG is pending.
The procedure was originally scheduled to be done laparoscopically, but it was converted because of persistent bleeding.
Besides the conversion, the operation was uneventful.
Five years ago, he underwent renal transplantation because of cystic disease and has been taking prednisolone since then.
He has a history of allergy to sulfonamides.
He appears acutely ill. His temperature is 39.2°C (102.5°F), pulse is 120/min, respirations are 23/min, and blood pressure is 90/62 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows a midline incision extending from the xiphisternum to the pubic symphysis.
There is a 5-cm (2-in) area of purplish discoloration near the margin of the incision in the lower abdomen.
Palpation of the abdomen produces severe pain and crackling sounds are heard.
He has also been frequently rubbing his left ear since he woke up in the morning.
He has a history of atopic dermatitis, and his mother is concerned that his symptoms may be caused by him itching at night.
She says that he has not been having many flare-ups lately; the latest flare-up subsided in time for his second birthday party, which he celebrated at a swimming pool 1 week ago.
Six months ago, he had an episode of urticaria following antibiotic treatment for pharyngitis.
He takes no medications.
His temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse is 110/min, respirations are 25/min, and blood pressure is 90/50 mm Hg.
Otoscopy shows an opaque, bulging tympanic membrane.
The patient states he was at home eating dinner when he began to experience severe abdominal pain.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes, hypertension, and atherosclerosis.
He lives at home alone, smokes cigarettes, and drinks 1 to 2 alcoholic drinks per day.
The patient is given IV morphine and an ultrasound is obtained demonstrating a dilated abdominal aorta.
The patient states that his father died of a similar finding and is concerned about his prognosis.
He also complains of intermittent pain and numbness in his left arm that has been present for the last few days.
He denies ocular pain, difficulty swallowing, fatigability, or diplopia.
His symptoms remain constant without fluctuation.
He has a history of diabetes mellitus type 2, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia.
Further history reveals that he has lost 5.4 kg (12 lb) of weight in the past 4 months.
He is a chronic smoker with a 72 pack-year smoking history.
His blood pressure is 142/76 mm Hg, the heart rate is 76/min, the respiratory rate is 12/min, the temperature is 36.8°C (98.4°F), and BMI is the 18.2 kg/m2.
The patient is awake, alert, and oriented to person, place, and time.
He has partial drooping of the left eyelid while the right eyelid appears normal.
The left pupil is 1 mm and the right pupil is 3 mm in diameter.
Extraocular muscle movements are normal.
She is started on an IV infusion of vancomycin at a dose of 1000 mg every 12 hours.
Vancomycin is eliminated by first-order kinetics and has a half life of 6 hours.
The volume of distribution of vancomycin is 0.5 L/kg.
The patient states that he often has trouble falling asleep and that it is negatively affecting his studies.
He is nervous that he is going to fail out of graduate school.
He states that he recently performed poorly at a lab meeting where he had to present his research.
This has been a recurrent issue for the patient any time he has had to present in front of groups.
Additionally, the patient is concerned that his girlfriend is going to leave him and feels the relationship is failing.
The patient has a past medical history of irritable bowel syndrome for which he takes fiber supplements.
His temperature is 98.9°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 117/68 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is within normal limits.
The bleeding started spontaneously.
The patient experienced a similar episode last year.
Currently, she has hypertension and takes hydrochlorothiazide and losartan.
She is anxious.
Her blood pressure is 175/88 mm Hg.
During the examination, the patient holds a blood-stained gauze against her right nostril.
Upon removal of the gauze, blood slowly drips down from her right nostril.
Examination of the left nostril reveals no abnormalities.
Squeezing the nostrils for 20 minutes fails to control bleeding.
He complains of painless swelling in his right cheek when he plays his tuba.
Physical examination of the patient reveals slight facial asymmetry due to minor swelling on the right side of the face.
The skin over the swelling is smooth without any secondary changes.
Palpation reveals a soft and non-tender swelling.
The oral opening is normal without any trismus.
Further examination reveals swelling of the left buccal mucosa extending from the first to the third molar.
Bedside ultrasound shows small areas of high echogenicity consistent with pneumoparotid.
He has a history of chronic sinus infections and was hospitalized last year for a suspected pneumonia with hemoptysis.
Physical exam shows bilateral pitting edema of the lower extremities.
Serum studies show a creatinine of 3.4 mg/dL and blood urea nitrogen of 35 mg/dL.
Urine dipstick shows 3+ blood.
A kidney biopsy is performed and light microscopy shows crescent-shaped glomeruli.
He was found vomiting forcefully next to an empty bottle of vodka.
His medical history is significant for Lyme disease, currently being treated with doxycycline.
After a prolonged episode of retching, the patient begins choking and coughing forcefully in between bouts of chest pain in the ER.
At this point, the patient is unable to communicate.
The patient appears toxic.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), respiratory rate is 15/min, pulse is 107/min, and blood pressure is 90/68 mm Hg.
A quick physical exam reveals fullness at the base of the neck and a crunching, rasping sound on auscultation of the chest.
The attending physician orders an upright chest X-ray, showing free mediastinal air.
She recently has been diagnosed with stage IV breast cancer for which she currently is receiving treatment.
She mentions that, despite taking a diet rich in protein and calories, she continues to lose weight.
On physical examination, her vital signs are stable, but muscle wasting is clearly evident in her upper limbs, lower limbs, and face.
The physician explains to her that her advanced cancer is the most important cause for the weight loss and muscle wasting.
This cachexia is mediated by the proteolysis-inducing factor released from cancer cells.
The pain is sharp, constant, and does not radiate.
He has not urinated for 24 hours and he has not passed stool for over 3 days.
He was diagnosed with herpes zoster 3 weeks ago and has been taking amitriptyline for post-herpetic neuralgia for 1 week.
Last year he was diagnosed with nephrolithiasis and was treated with lithotripsy.
He has a history of hypertension, benign prostatic hyperplasia, and coronary artery disease.
His other medications include amlodipine, metoprolol, tamsulosin, aspirin, and simvastatin.
He appears uncomfortable.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 102/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows a palpable lower midline abdominal mass that is tender to palpation.
Bowel sounds are hypoactive.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
A pelvic ultrasound shows an anechoic mass in the lower abdomen.
He has had chronically swollen legs for over 10 years.
His mother and brother had similar problems with their legs.
He had a documented deep vein thrombosis (DVT) in the affected leg 5 years earlier, but has no other past medical history.
He has a blood pressure of 126/84 and heart rate of 62/min.
She was recently diagnosed with alopecia areata after having presented to her family doctor with a 2-month history of noticeable bald patches.
The mother was concerned because the treatment involved topical steroids.
The patient is noted to have started high school earlier this year and has an attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder that is treated with methylphenidate.
The patient is afebrile and her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination reveals a moderately distressed young female playing with her hair.
She has very short nails on both hands and patches of hair loss on the scalp.
Neurologic examination shows left leg strength 3/5 on hip flexion and 2/5 on knee extension.
Patellar reflex is decreased on the left.
Sensation to pinprick and light touch are decreased on the anteromedial left thigh as well as medial lower leg.
For 37 years he has worked in a naval shipyard.
He has smoked 1 pack of cigarettes daily for the past 40 years.
Pulmonary examination shows fine bibasilar end-expiratory crackles.
An x-ray of the chest shows diffuse bilateral infiltrates predominantly in the lower lobes and pleural reticulonodular opacities.
A CT scan of the chest shows pleural plaques and subpleural linear opacities.
Menses occur at irregular 20 to 40-day intervals and last 4 to 8 days.
She is sexually active with a new partner that she met 2 months ago and they use condoms inconsistently.
She had a normal pap smear 5 months ago.
She drinks 2 beers every other day.
Her temperature is 39°C (102.2°F), pulse is 85/min, and blood pressure is 108/75 mm Hg.
Examination shows lower abdominal tenderness and bilateral inguinal lymphadenopathy.
Pelvic examination is notable for uterine and adnexal tenderness as well as small amounts of bloody cervical discharge.
A spot urine pregnancy test is negative.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 14,500/mm3 and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 90 mm/h.
Nucleic acid amplification confirms the suspected diagnosis.
The patient is started on ceftriaxone and doxycycline.
Their hope is that the new drug will have a higher potency but the same efficacy as ibuprofen in the hope of minimizing gastrointestinal side effects.
If ibuprofen is curve C in the figure provided, which of the following would be the curve for the new drug based on the scientists’ specifications?
He reports that 6 months ago he was able to walk several miles without stopping.
Yesterday, he became short of breath walking from his bed to the bathroom.
He also endorses worsening abdominal distension and leg swelling, which he reports is new from several months ago.
The patient has a past medical history of hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
On physical exam, the patient has moderate abdominal distension and pitting edema to the knee.
Crackles are present at the bilateral bases.
She gave birth to her son 1 year ago.
Further visual testing reveals the patient has bitemporal hemianopsia.
The patient undergoes brain MRI which shows an anterior pituitary mass, likely adenoma.
The patient has her blood tested to see if the adenoma is secreting extra hormone.
The patient is found to have a slight excess of a hormone that uptakes a basophilic stain.
Biopsy shows inflammation involving the endothelial cells of the kidney vasculature and the presence of mononuclear cells in the interstitium.
She feels well.
She had cervical cancer and received radiotherapy 8 years ago.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
On percussion, the spleen size is 15 cm.
Otherwise, the physical examination shows no abnormalities.
The laboratory test results are as follows:
Hemoglobin 10 g/dL
Mean corpuscular volume 88 μm3
Leukocyte count 65,000/mm3
Platelet count 500,000/mm3
Two images of the peripheral blood smear are shown on the image.
Physical examination shows a 4-cm stab wound on the right lateral border of the T1 spinous process.
An MRI of the spinal cord shows damage to the area of the right lateral corticospinal tract at the level of T1.
He has not taken his insulin for 3 days.
His pulse is 125/min and respirations are 29/min.
Examination shows dry mucous membranes.
His breath has a fruity odor.
Which of the following sets of laboratory values is most likely on evaluation of urine obtained before treatment?
Previous work measuring body weight and blood pressure at 2-time points in a large group of healthy individuals revealed that a 10% increase in body weight was accompanied by a 7 mm Hg increase in blood pressure.
His symptoms started a few hours ago.
He was outside taking a walk with his wife when suddenly his leg shot out and kicked her.
His past medical history is notable for diabetes, hypertension, and a myocardial infarction 5 years ago.
He smokes 1-2 cigarettes/day.
He does not use alcohol or illicit drugs.
On exam, the patient has intermittent wide, flinging movements that affect his proximal left arm.
He was recently diagnosed with schizophrenia and was started on risperidone approx.
2 months ago.
He reports a significant improvement since the start of treatment.
His parents report that their son’s symptoms of delusions, hallucinations, and paranoid behavior have been ameliorated.
On physical examination, the patient seems uncomfortable.
He frequently fidgets and repeatedly crosses and uncrosses his legs.
When asked if something is troubling him, he gets up and starts pacing.
He says, “It’s always like this.
I cannot sit still.
She works as a nurse and reports self-measured blood glucose levels below 50 mg/dL on several occasions.
Her family history is positive for borderline personality disorder.
The only medication listed in her history is metformin.
Her doctor prescribes medications and sends the patient home.
After two months of therapy, the patient returns upset that her exophthalmos has not gone away.
She vomited three times.
There is no associated fever, chills, diarrhea, or urinary symptoms.
She has two children who both attend high school.
She appears uncomfortable.
She is 165 cm (5 ft 5 in) tall and weighs 86 kg (190 lb); BMI is 32 kg/m2.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 100/min, and blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
She has mild scleral icterus.
The abdomen is soft and nondistended, with tenderness to palpation of the right upper quadrant without guarding or rebound.
Bowel sounds are normal.
The patient’s mother wants to send her to daycare but is worried about exposure to unvaccinated children and other potential sources of infection.
The toddler was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
She is up to date on all vaccines.
She does not walk yet but stands in place and can say a few words.
The toddler drinks formula and eats a mixture of soft vegetables and pureed meals.
She has no current medications.
On physical exam, the vital signs include: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 95/50 mm Hg, pulse 130/min, and respiratory rate 28/min.
The patient is alert and responsive.
The remainder of the exam is unremarkable.
He cannot recall when this feeling started.
His past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus and two myocardial infarctions that have led to significant cardiac dysfunction.
Specifically, he has dyspnea and peripheral edema and occasionally decompensates into more severe pulmonary edema requiring hospitalization.
Testing reveals increased intra-ocular pressure so the ophthalmologist prescribes several medications.
The mother suffered from gestational diabetes; however, she had no other pregnancy-related diseases and was otherwise healthy.
The baby has a blood pressure of 100/58 mm Hg, heart rate of 104/min, and oxygen saturation of 88%.
The child has tachypnea, subcostal and intercostal retractions, nasal flaring, and cyanosis.
The cyanosis is responding well to initial administration of oxygen.
The nasogastric tube was positioned without problems.
He has been on bowel rest since admission.
Other than multiple admissions for alcohol withdrawal, he has no history of serious illness.
Current medications include intravenous cefepime and morphine.
His temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), pulse is 89/min, and blood pressure is 118/75 mm Hg.
Abdominal exam shows a well-healing incision with minimal serous drainage.
Examination of the skin shows scattered spider angiomas, a large hematoma on the left flank, and numerous bruises over the abdomen and extremities.
He complains of pain when his left hip is extended.
Her symptoms started acutely 5 days ago.
Vital signs reveal a temperature of 36.6°C (97.8°F), blood pressure of 100/65 mm Hg, and pulse of 105/min.
Physical examination shows a thin girl with dry mucous membranes but normal skin turgor.
He has also had increased thirst over the past two months.
He has lost 5.4 kg (11.9 lbs) during this time.
He is otherwise healthy and has no history of serious illness.
His temperature is 37.5 °C (99.5 °F), blood pressure is 95/68 mm Hg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 30/min.
He is somnolent and slightly confused.
His mucous membranes are dry.
She mentions that the episodes are usually triggered by exposure to cold, which leads to a sequential white, blue, and red discoloration of her fingers, followed by resolution of the symptoms.
During an episode, she experiences pain and numbness in the affected fingers.
The episodes are usually of short duration and do not interfere with her life, so she did not seek medical advice till now.
He has cystic fibrosis diagnosed by newborn screening.
His parents report frequent feedings and large-volume and greasy stools.
His 4-year-old brother has autism.
Current medications include bronchodilators, pancreatic enzyme supplements, and fat-soluble vitamins.
He is at the 18th percentile for height and 15th percentile for weight.
Scattered wheezes are heard throughout both lung fields.
Examination shows a distended and tympanic abdomen with no tenderness or guarding.
She also reports pain in her left cheek when eating and pain during sexual intercourse for the past week.
She has not been sick for the past 6 months.
She has started hiking in the woods on the weekends with her son a couple months ago but has been careful to avoid poison ivy.
She has a history of hypertension and osteoarthritis.
She recently started taking captopril and stopped taking meloxicam 2 weeks ago.
She has a family history of pernicious anemia and Graves' disease.
The patient's vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination reveals multiple, flaccid blisters on the volar surface of the forearm and ulcers on the buccal, gingival, and vulvar mucosa.
The epidermis on the forearm separates when the skin is lightly stroked.
The total body surface area involvement of the blisters is estimated to be 10%.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
The patient states that he was at karate practice when he suddenly felt severe pain in his ankle forcing him to stop.
The patient has a past medical history notable for type I diabetes and is currently being treated for an episode of acute bacterial sinusitis with moxifloxacin.
The patient recently had to have his insulin dose increased secondary to poorly controlled blood glucose levels.
Otherwise, the patient takes ibuprofen for headaches and loratadine for seasonal allergies.
Physical exam reveals a young healthy man in no acute distress.
Pain is elicited over the Achilles tendon with dorsiflexion of the left foot.
Pain is also elicited with plantar flexion of the left foot against resistance.
After the fibroblasts are infected with the virus, viral proteins are directly translated from the virion's genetic material using fibroblast ribosomes.
The resultant large polypeptides are then cleaved into smaller peptides by viral proteases to generate mature viral proteins.
Finally, the virion's genetic material is replicated using a protein translated from the virion's genetic material.
His course of illness worsens on the 4th day after admission and his creatinine level increases to 4.2 mg/dL.
Urinalysis shows birefringent needle-shaped crystals.
He says that he has slowly lost the ability to do things due to fatigue and now gets winded after walking around the house.
He also says that his cough has been getting worse and seems to be producing more sputum.
He has gained about 5 pounds over the last 6 months.
His past medical history is significant for hypertension and diabetes.
He has a 40 pack-year smoking history and drinks about 3 drinks per week.
Physical exam reveals a cyanotic appearing man with 1+ edema in his legs bilaterally.
He also has wheezing on lung auscultation with a prolonged expiratory phase.
In particular, he feels that he cannot see as well out of his right eye as previously.
His past medical history is significant for myocardial infarction as well as Lyme disease.
On presentation, he is found to have a droopy right eyelid as well as persistent constriction of his right pupil.
Additionally, the skin on his right half of his face is found to be cracked and dry.
His right leg was found to be bent abnormally at the femur, and he was splinted on site by first responders.
His past medical history is significant for multiple prior fractures in his left humerus and femur.
Otherwise, he has been hitting normal developmental milestones and appears to be excelling in kindergarten.
Physical exam also reveals the finding shown in figure A.
She has no previous history of seizures and recovers by the time she arrives at the emergency department.
She says that over the last 2 days she has also experienced insomnia, abdominal pain, and dark urine.
Her past medical history is significant for asthma; however, she says that she has not experienced any of these symptoms previously.
She smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day, drinks a glass of wine with dinner every night, and is currently taking oral contraceptive pills (OCPs).
On presentation, her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 140/98 mmHg, pulse is 112/min, and respirations are 11/min.
She states that he has seemed to regress in his motor development and has been having occasional brief episodes of uncontrollable shaking.
During the subsequent work up, a muscle biopsy is obtained which demonstrates red ragged fibers and a presumptive diagnosis of a genetic disease made.
The mother asks if her other son will be affected.
On examination, there are numerous poorly demarcated skin lesions present on all parts of the body.
There is also evidence of significant facial thickening, eyebrow loss, and symmetrical sensory neuropathy in a ‘glove and stocking’ distribution.
An examination of the hands reveals bilateral weakness.
A skin biopsy is taken from one of the lesions, and the culture is positive for acid-fast bacilli.
The pain starts to occur a few hours before her menses and lasts for 2–3 days.
Ibuprofen helped reduce the pain in the first months but has no effect now.
She has missed a couple of days at school because of severe pain.
Menarche was at the age of 14 years, and menses occur at regular 29-day intervals.
She is sexually active with one male partner and uses condoms inconsistently.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Physical and pelvic examination show no abnormalities.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
His caretaker discovered his body in the bedroom with an empty syringe and a small bottle of lispro lying on the nightstand.
She explains that his wife of 50 years passed away six months ago and that he had no children or family.
He had become extremely depressed and did not want to live anymore.
Specifically, she complains that she has been experiencing flushing, nausea, and palpitations after drinking a glass of wine with dinner after she started the latest regimen for her diabetes.
She was warned that this was a side-effect of one of her medications but she did not understand the severity of the reaction.
Given this experience, she asks to be placed on an alternative regimen that does not involve the medication that caused this reaction.
Her physician therefore replaces the medication with another one that interacts with the same target though at a different binding site.
The mother says that the rash developed an hour after she bathed the child in lukewarm water.
Two weeks ago, the patient was diagnosed with a skin infection and was treated with penicillin V. She has been otherwise healthy but has missed several well-child examinations.
She lives with her single mother, who recently lost her job and is now dependent on social assistance.
The patient's mother has major depressive disorder and her maternal aunt has systemic lupus erythematosus.
The girl's temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 112/min, and blood pressure is 108/62 mm Hg.
She has poor eye contact.
Physical examination shows sharply delineated erythema on the lower extremities up to the umbilicus with sparing of the knees and flexor surfaces.
On exam, the girl's spleen is palpably enlarged, and her palms and conjunctiva are noted to be extremely pale.
Serum haptoglobin levels are normal.
She has had regular menses since menarche at age 11.
Her last menstrual period was 7 weeks ago.
She is sexually active with two male partners.
A urine pregnancy test is positive.
An ultrasound of the pelvis shows a viable intrauterine pregnancy with an estimated gestational age of 6 weeks and 5 days.
She does not wish to continue with the pregnancy.
After carefully weighing the options with her physician, she is prescribed two medications, one of which is mifepristone.
The patient has a history of hypertension, type II diabetes mellitus, stroke, dyslipidemia, a past myocardial infarction, and severe osteoarthritis in his right hip.
He is not compliant with his medications and his multiple comorbidities are poorly managed.
In the hospital, the patient’s urinary retention was treated with Foley catheterization.
At clinic, the patient’s serum-specific prostate-specific antigen (PSA) is 6.0 ng/mL (normal is < 4 ng/mL).
Digital rectal examination (DRE) demonstrates a nontender prostate with several rock hard nodules.
The patient's Foley is removed and he is able to urinate on his own.
She reports that she has had worsening pain in her left calf over the past year while walking.
The pain improves with rest, but the patient notes that she now has to stop walking more frequently than in the past to relieve the pain.
The patient’s past medical history is otherwise notable for hypertension and coronary artery disease.
Her home medications include hydrochlorothiazide and lisinopril.
Her family history is significant for diabetes mellitus in her father.
On physical exam, her left lower extremity is slightly cool to the touch with palpable distal pulses.
The skin of the left lower extremity appears smooth and shiny below the mid-calf.
One month ago, he also experienced right-sided neck pain and headache that began after returning from a hunting trip to New Hampshire the week before.
He took ibuprofen to relieve symptoms, which subsided a week later.
He has a 5-year history of hypertension controlled with drug therapy.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 35 years and he drinks two beers daily.
His vital signs are within the normal range.
Physical examination shows right-sided drooping of the upper and lower half of the face.
The patient has difficulties smiling and he is unable to close his right eye.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He has not had trauma to the ankle.
He has a history of sickle cell disease and had an episode of dactylitis of his left index finger 3 years ago.
Current medications include hydroxyurea and acetaminophen as needed for the ankle pain.
His temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), blood pressure is 125/68 mm Hg, pulse is 105/min, and respirations are 14/min.
Examination shows a tender, swollen, and erythematous right ankle with point tenderness over the medial malleolus.
X-ray of the right ankle demonstrates marked periosteal thickening and elevation, as well as a central sclerotic lesion with a lucent rim over the right lateral malleolus.
A bone biopsy culture confirms the diagnosis.
She has numbness in the 3 medial digits.
The patient has no known previous medical conditions.
Her family history is not pertinent, and she currently takes no medications.
Physical examination shows her blood pressure is 134/82 mm Hg, the respirations are 14/min, the pulse is 87/min, and the temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F).
When asked to make a fist, the patient is able to flex only the lateral 2 digits.
Tapping the anterior portion of her wrist elicits tingling in the medial 3 digits.
The patient is taken to get an X-ray.
She was seen for depressed mood and disinterest in her usual leisure activities a few months ago.
She also had decreased sleep and appetite and was not able to concentrate at work.
She was started on fluoxetine and has been compliant for the last 6 months despite experiencing some of the side effects.
She now feels significantly better and would like to stop the medication because she plans to become pregnant and thinks it is unnecessary now.
He is also concerned that his legs are swollen below the knee.
He has had type 2 diabetes for 35 years, for which he takes metformin and glyburide.
Today his temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), the blood pressure is 165/82 mm Hg, and the pulse is 88/min.
She has had this problem for 6 months, but it has become worse over the past few weeks.
She also complains of repeated bouts of bloody diarrhea and abdominal pain.
The past medical history is noncontributory.
She takes no medication.
Both of her parents are alive with no significant disease.
She works as a dental hygienist and drinks wine occasionally on weekends.
Today, the vital signs include blood pressure 110/60 mm Hg, pulse rate 90/min, respiratory rate 19/min, and temperature 36.6°C (97.8°F).
On physical examination, she appears uncomfortable.
The skin and sclera are jaundiced.
The heart has a regular rate and rhythm, and the lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
The abdomen is soft with mild hepatosplenomegaly.
There is no tenderness or rebound tenderness.
The digital rectal examination reveals blood and mucus in the rectal vault.
His mother reports that the patient was walking normally until about a year ago, when he started to complain of weakness in his legs.
He seems to be less steady on his feet than before, and he has fallen twice at home.
Prior to a year ago, the patient had no difficulty walking and was active on his school’s soccer team.
He has no other past medical history.
The patient is an only child, and his mother denies any family history of neurological disease.
On physical examination, the patient has mildly slurred speech.
He has a wide-based gait with symmetric weakness and decreased sensation in his lower extremities.
The patient also has the physical exam findings seen in Figures A and B.
She appears lethargic.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows a bulging, tense anterior fontanelle.
Fundoscopic exam shows bilateral retinal hemorrhage.
A complete blood count shows a leukocyte count of 8,000/mm3.
An x-ray of the chest shows healing fractures of the 4th and 5th left ribs.
The patient says she has occasional nausea and vomiting and a few episodes of palpitations and diarrhea this last week.
Physical examination is unremarkable, except for a heart rate of 145/min.
Basic thyroid function tests are shown in the table below.
Which of the following additional laboratory tests would be most useful is assessing this patient’s condition?
She has had multiple episodes of purulent otitis media and infectious diarrhea since the age of 6 months.
She underwent treatment for oral thrush 1 month ago.
There is no family history of serious illness.
Her height and weight are both below the 10th percentile.
Physical examination shows no visible tonsils and slightly decreased breath sounds in the left lower lobe.
Laboratory studies show increased deoxyadenosine concentration in both the serum and urine.
An x-ray of the chest shows an absent thymic shadow.
He had recently separated from his male partner of 10 years and has been struggling to maintain his weight and the rigors of work in a new start-up company.
At his initial visit, he was prescribed escitalopram.
2 weeks later, the patient was instructed to continue taking the medication despite feeling more depressed.
After expressing increased desire to carry out suicidal thoughts, he was hospitalized for a brief course.
During this visit, he reports that he is feeling much better, but he has an elective inguinal hernia repair scheduled for the end of the week.
"The surgeon said to not take anything before the surgery.
Besides, I'm feeling better and don't feel like taking escitalopram everyday."
He reports that his gait has become slower and that initiating steps has become more challenging.
During the past 6 months, his family has noticed that he is starting to forget important family meetings and holidays.
On a number of occasions, he has not been able to get to the bathroom in time in order to urinate.
He has hypertension treated with hydrochlorothiazide.
His father died of Parkinson's disease at the age of 63 years.
The patient had smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years, but quit 10 years ago.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
On mental status examination, he is confused and has short-term memory deficits.
He has a wide-based, shuffling gait.
Muscle strength is normal.
Deep tendon reflexes are 2+ bilaterally.
An MRI of the head is shown.
She has a history of hypertension for 15 years and had a recent hospitalization for pneumonia.
She had been recuperating at home but on beginning to mobilize and walk, the right leg became painful and swollen.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.7°F), the blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, and the pulse is 75/min.
On physical examination, the right calf is 4 cm greater in circumference than the left when measured 10 cm below the tibial tuberosity.
Dilated superficial veins are present on the right foot and the right leg is slightly redder than the left.
There is some tenderness on palpation in the popliteal fossa behind the knee.
Physical examination shows inguinal lymphadenopathy.
There is no suprapubic fullness or tenderness.
Serum creatinine is elevated compared to 1 week prior.
A contrast-enhanced CT scan of the abdomen shows retroperitoneal fibrosis, bilateral hydronephrosis, and a collapsed bladder.
She feels well.
She has a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus that is well-controlled with metformin.
Her mother died of a progressive lung disease at the age of 50 years.
The patient is sexually active with her husband, and they use condoms consistently.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 10 years.
She drinks one to two glasses of wine per day.
She does not use illicit drugs.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination, including ophthalmologic evaluation, shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies, including serum creatinine and calcium concentrations, are within normal limits.
An ECG shows no abnormalities.
A tuberculin skin test is negative.
A chest x-ray is shown.
The scientist adds carbon dioxide to dog blood and measures the uptake of oxygen in the blood versus oxygen pressure in the peripheral tissue.
He notes in one dog that with the addition of carbon dioxide with a pressure of 90 mmHg, the oxygen pressure in the peripheral tissue rose from 26 to 33 mmHg.
Because he is living in a college dormitory, his physician gives him a vaccine that prevents meningococcal disease.
Two weeks ago, she returned from military training in Southern California.
She appears ill.
Her temperature is 39°C (102.1°F).
Physical examination shows diffuse inspiratory crackles over all lung fields and multiple tender erythematous nodules over the anterior aspect of both legs.
She first noticed it in her bra a few days ago, but now she notes that at times she's soaking through to her blouse, which is mortifying.
She was also concerned about being pregnant because she has not gotten her period in 3 months.
In the office ß-HCG is negative.
The patient's nipple discharge is guaiac negative.
A few months ago, she noticed a lump during a breast self-exam that was shown to be breast cancer.
A lumpectomy revealed invasive ductal carcinoma that was estrogen- and progesterone receptor-positive with nodal metastases.
She is following up to discuss treatment options.
She had her last menstrual period 10 years ago and has not had any spotting since that time.
Her mother had breast cancer and she remembered her taking chemotherapy and had a poor quality of life, thus she asks not to be treated similarly.
Her symptoms began while she was at a concert.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 69/min, and respirations are 28/min.
When the blood pressure cuff is inflated, painful contractions of the hand muscles occur.
Arterial blood gas shows a pH of 7.53, pO2 of 100 mm Hg, and a pCO2 of 29 mm Hg.
Her past medical history is relevant for hypertension, diagnosed 5 years ago, for which she has been prescribed a calcium channel blocker and a thiazide diuretic.
Upon admission, she is found with a blood pressure of 200/116 mm Hg, a heart rate of 70/min, a respiratory rate of 15 /min, and a temperature of 36.5°C (97.7°F).
Her cardiopulmonary auscultation is unremarkable, except for the identification of a 4th heart sound.
Neurological examination reveals the patient is stuporous, with eye-opening response reacting only to pain, no verbal response, and flexion withdrawal to pain.
Both pupils are symmetric, with the sluggish pupillary response to light.
A noncontrast CT of the head is performed and is shown in the image.
His mom says that he has always had occasional symptoms including abdominal pain, muscle weakness, and mild paresthesias; however, since starting middle school these symptoms have started interfering with his daily activities.
In addition, the boy complains that he has been needing to use the restroom a lot, which is annoying since he has to ask for permission to leave class every time.
Labs are obtained showing hypokalemia, hypochloremia, metabolic alkalosis, hypomagnesemia, and hypocalciuria.
He has no complaints.
He reports that his blood glucose has been under tight control and that he has not smoked a cigarette for the past 5 months.
His temperature is 97.5°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 182/112 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 95% on room air.
Physical examination is notable for bruits bilaterally just lateral of midline near his umbilicus.
The patient is started on anti-hypertensive medications including a beta-blocker, a thiazide diuretic, and a calcium channel blocker.
He returns 1 month later with no change in his blood pressure.
She had similar symptoms a few weeks ago.
The girl was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
She is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
A further review of her history reveals seizures, upper respiratory infections, and cellulitis.
On physical examination, the patient is pale with white-blonde hair and pale blue eyes.
She has no significant past medical history and is not currently taking any medications.
The physician is a devout member of the Roman Catholic church and is strongly opposed to the use of any type of artificial contraception.
Pinching of the nose has failed to stop the bleed.
The patient is otherwise healthy and has no history of trauma or hereditary bleeding disorders.
His temperature is 98.9°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 120/64 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for multiple clots in the nares which, when dislodged, are followed by bleeding.
The patient is in distress and is cold, sweaty, and pale.
Initial physical examination is significant for muffled heart sounds, distended neck veins, and a 3 cm stab wound near the left sternal border.
Breath sounds are present bilaterally without evidence of tracheal deviation.
The chest pain worsens on inspiration and on lying down.
The patient was diagnosed with breast cancer 2 months ago and was treated with mastectomy followed by adjuvant radiation therapy.
She has hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
Current medications include tamoxifen, valsartan, and pitavastatin.
She has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 15 years but quit after being diagnosed with breast cancer.
Her pulse is 95/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg.
Cardiac examination shows a scratching sound best heard at the left lower sternal border.
An ECG shows sinus tachycardia and ST segment elevations in leads I, II, avF, and V1–6.
She reports that her husband has been feeling down since he lost a big project at work 2 months ago.
The patient says he feels unmotivated to work or do things around the house.
He also says he is not eating or sleeping as usual and spends most of his day pacing about his room.
He feels guilty for losing such a project this late in his career and feels overwhelming fear about the future of his company and his family’s well-being.
During the interview, he appears to be in mild distress and is wringing his hands.
The patient is prescribed citalopram and buspirone.
She also complains of recent onset arthritis and increased photosensitivity.
Physical examination reveals bilateral facial rash.
She has gotten lost while driving several times in the past 2 months and appears to be talking to herself frequently.
Of note, the patient’s husband died from a stroke 4 months ago.
The patient reports feeling sad and guilty for causing so much trouble for her son.
Her appetite has decreased since her husband died.
On examination, she is oriented to person, place, and time.
She is inattentive, and her speech is disorganized.
She shakes her hand throughout the exam without realizing it.
Her gait is slow and appears unstable.
She is complaining of headaches and fatigue.
She has no history of heart disease.
She is on clarithromycin and ceftriaxone.
Her carotid pulse is not detected.
A single-lead ECG strip is shown.
Previous ECG shows QT prolongation.
Laboratory studies show:
Serum
Na+ 145 mEq/L
K+ 6.1 mEq/L
Ca2+ 10.5 mEq/L
Mg2+ 1.8 mEq/L
Thyroid-stimulating hormone 0.1 μU/mL
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation has been initiated.
She is doing well.
She is 168 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 75 kg (165 lb); BMI is 27 kg/m2.
Her BMI had previously been stable at 24 kg/m2.
The patient states that she has had decreased appetite over the past month.
According to his girlfriend, he has had fatigue for the last 3 days and became confused this morning, after which he started having uncontrollable convulsions throughout his entire body.
He was unconscious throughout the episode, which lasted about 4 minutes.
He has not visited a physician for over 10 years.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 12 years.
His girlfriend admits they occasionally use heroin together with their friends.
His temperature is 38.8°C (101.8°F), pulse is 93/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
The lungs are clear to auscultation and examination shows normal heart sounds and no carotid or femoral bruits.
He appears emaciated and somnolent.
There are multiple track marks on both his arms.
He is unable to cooperate for a neurological exam.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 3,000/mm3, a hematocrit of 34%, a platelet count of 354,000/mm3, and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 27 mm/h.
His CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 84/mm3 (normal ≥ 500).
A CT scan of the head is shown.
She says her symptoms started 5 days ago with a low-grade fever and myalgia, which have not improved.
For the past 4 days, she has also had chills, sore throat, and rhinorrhea.
She works as a kindergarten teacher and says several children in her class have had similar symptoms.
Her past medical history is significant for depression managed with escitalopram, and dysmenorrhea.
A review of systems is significant for general fatigue for the past 5 months.
Her vital signs include: temperature 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse 99/min, blood pressure 115/75 mm Hg, and respiratory rate 22/min.
Physical examination reveals pallor of the mucous membranes.
Using a fluorescent tag, α-collagen chains are identified and then monitored as they travel through the rough endoplasmic reticulum, the Golgi apparatus, and eventually into the extracellular space.
It has been previously recorded that the patient has poor growth velocity.
On imaging, a cystic calcified mass is noted above the sella turcica.
The pain is especially severe when he walks on an incline.
He has a 20-year history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, for which he takes metformin.
He has smoked 1 pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years.
His blood pressure is 140/92 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows dry and hairless skin over the left foot.
He has no history of major medical illness and takes no medications.
He is 180 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 68 kg (150 lb); BMI is 22 kg/m2.
His pulse is 80/min and blood pressure is 155/90 mm Hg.
Laboratory studies show no abnormalities.
The parents state that over the last 3-4 months, the boy has had multiple viral respiratory infections, along with a fungal pneumonia requiring hospitalization.
Currently he is without complaints; however, the parents are concerned that he continues to have loose stools and is falling off of his growth curve.
Newborn screening is not recorded in the patient’s chart.
On exam, the patient’s temperature is 98.4°F (36.9°C), blood pressure is 108/68 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 12/min.
The patient is engaging appropriately and is able to grasp, sit, and is beginning to crawl.
However, the patient is at the 20th percentile for length and weight, when he was previously at the 50th percentile at 3 months of age.
Further screening suggests that the patient has an autosomal recessive immunodeficiency associated with absent T-cells.
It is discovered that she has an epigastric hernia that needs repair.
During her preoperative evaluation, she is ordered to receive lab testing, an electrocardiogram (ECG), and a chest X-ray.
These screening studies are unremarkable except for her chest X-ray, which shows a 2 cm isolated pulmonary nodule in the middle lobe of the right lung.
The nodule has poorly defined margins, and it shows a dense, irregular pattern of calcification.
The patient is immediately referred to a pulmonologist for evaluation of the lesion.
The patient denies any recent illnesses and states that she has not traveled outside of the country since she was a child.
She has had no sick contacts or respiratory symptoms, and she does not currently take any medications.
She does, however, admit to a 20-pack-year history of smoking.
Currently, you have already determined the safe clinical dose of the drug in a healthy patient.
You are in the phase of drug development where the drug is studied in patients with the target disease to determine its efficacy.
On physical examination, he is responsive only to painful stimuli and his pupils are not reactive to light.
His upper extremities are involuntarily flexed with hands clenched into fists.
The vital signs include temperature 36.1°C (97.0°F), blood pressure 80/60 mm Hg, and pulse 102/min.
A non-contrast computed tomography (CT) scan of the head shows a massive intracerebral hemorrhage with a midline shift.
Arterial blood gas (ABG) analysis shows partial pressure of carbon dioxide in arterial blood (PaCO2) of 68 mm Hg, and the patient is put on mechanical ventilation.
His condition continues to decline while in the emergency department and it is suspected that this patient is brain dead.
He was hospitalized one week prior for acute cholecystitis and underwent a laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
He received post-operative antibiotics via intramuscular injection.
He recovered well and he was discharged on post-operative day #3.
However, since he started walking after the operation, he noticed a limp that has not improved.
On exam, his left hip drops every time he raises his left foot to take a step.
She was admitted to the hospital 13 hours ago following a high-speed motor vehicle collision.
Initial focused assessment with sonography for trauma was negative.
An x-ray survey showed opacification of the right lung field and fractures of multiple ribs, the tibia, fibula, calcaneus, right acetabulum, and bilateral pubic rami.
Laboratory studies showed a hemoglobin concentration of 14.8 g/dL, leukocyte count of 10,300/mm3, platelet count of 175,000/mm3, and blood glucose concentration of 77 mg/dL.
Infusion of 0.9% saline was begun.
Multiple lacerations on the forehead and extremities were sutured, and fractures were stabilized.
Repeat laboratory studies now show a hemoglobin concentration of 12.4 g/dL, platelet count of 102,000/mm3, prothrombin time of 26 seconds (INR=1.8), and activated partial thromboplastin time of 63 seconds.
His condition started 2 hours earlier without any preceding trauma.
The child was given diclofenac syrup at home with no relief.
The temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, and pulse is 100/min.
The physical examination reveals swelling and tenderness to palpation of the left hand.
The hemoglobin level is 10.4 g/dL.
He is undergoing psychodynamic psychotherapy for depressive symptoms.
During the therapy session, you discuss his job as a successful comedian and identify ways that he channels his emotions about his abusive childhood into comedy routines.
A hormone released by ventricular cardiomyocytes in response to increased wall stress is isolated from a patient's blood sample.
He submits a urine sample for a dipstick examination, which tests positive for protein.
During the past 6 months, he has become more forgetful and has sometimes lost his way along familiar routes.
He has been having difficulties operating simple kitchen appliances such as the dishwasher and the coffee maker.
He has recently become increasingly paranoid, agitated, and restless.
He has HIV, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
His last visit to a physician was more than 2 years ago, and he has been noncompliant with his medications.
His temperature is 37.2 °C (99.0 °F), blood pressure is 152/68 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 14/min.
He is somnolent and slightly confused.
He is oriented to person, but not place or time.
There is mild lymphadenopathy in the cervical, axillary, and inguinal areas.
Neurological examination shows right lower extremity weakness with normal tone and no other focal deficits.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 9.2 g/dL
Leukocyte count 3600/mm3
Platelet count 140,000/mm3
CD4+ count 56/μL
HIV viral load > 100,000 copies/mL
Serum
Cryptococcal antigen negative
Toxoplasma gondii IgG positive
An MRI of the brain shows disseminated, nonenhancing white matter lesions with no mass effect.
He has noticed progressive bilateral loss of central vision over the last year.
He has had difficulty reading his newspaper and watching his television.
He has smoked 1 pack daily for 50 years.
Ophthalmologic examination shows visual acuity of 20/60 in the left eye and 20/200 in the right eye.
The pupils are equal and reactive to light.
Tonometry reveals an intraocular pressure of 18 mm Hg in the right eye and 20 mm Hg in the left eye.
Anterior segment exam is unremarkable.
Slit-lamp examination shows subretinal fluid and small hemorrhage with grayish-green discoloration in the macular area in the right eye, and multiple drusen in the left eye with retinal pigment epithelial changes.
The patient is generally healthy, but his wife noticed him becoming progressively more confused as the day went on.
The patient is not currently taking any medications and has no recent falls or trauma.
His temperature is 102°F (38.9°C), blood pressure is 126/64 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a confused man who cannot participate in a neurological exam secondary to his confusion.
No symptoms are elicited with flexion of the neck and jolt accentuation of headache is negative.
Initial laboratory values are unremarkable and the patient's chest radiograph and urinalysis are within normal limits.
An initial CT scan of the head is unremarkable.
The patient states he has had ear pain for the past several days that seems to be worsening.
The patient lives in a retirement home and previously worked as a banker.
The patient currently is active, swims every day, and drinks 3 to 4 glasses of whiskey at night.
There have been multiple cases of the common cold at his retirement community.
The patient has a past medical history of myocardial infarction, Alzheimer dementia, diabetes, hypertension, vascular claudication, and anxiety.
His current medications include insulin, metformin, aspirin, metoprolol, lisinopril, and buspirone.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 167/108 mmHg, pulse is 102/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Cardiopulmonary exam is within normal limits.
HEENT exam is notable for tenderness over the left mastoid process.
Abdominal and musculoskeletal exam are within normal limits.
She has not had any fevers, chills, or dysuria.
Physical examination shows several surgical scars on her abdomen.
Laboratory studies show a serum creatinine concentration of 3.5 mg/dL.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows numerous intra-abdominal adhesions, as well as dilatation of the renal pelvis and proximal ureters bilaterally.
After cleansing the wound with water, the patient reports that he felt well enough not to seek medical attention immediately following his trip.
He does endorse feeling feverish in the past week but a new onset of photophobia and irritability led him to seek help today.
He says that the patient has been complaining of progressively worsening weakness and confusion for the past week.
Her past medical history is significant for hypertension, systemic lupus erythematosus, and trigeminal neuralgia.
Her medications include metoprolol, valsartan, prednisone, and carbamazepine.
On admission, blood pressure is 130/70 mm Hg, pulse rate is 100 /min, respiratory rate is 17/min, and temperature is 36.5°C (97.7ºF).
She regained consciousness while on the way to the hospital but is still drowsy and disoriented.
Physical examination is normal.
Finger-stick glucose level is 110 mg/dl.
Other laboratory studies show:
Na+ 120 mEq/L (136—145 mEq/L)
K+ 3.5 mEq/L (3.5—5.0 mEq/L)
CI- 107 mEq/L (95—105 mEq/L)
Creatinine 0.8 mg/dL (0.6—1.2 mg/dL)
Serum osmolality 250 mOsm/kg (275—295 mOsm/kg)
Urine Na+ 70 mEq/L  
Urine osmolality 105 mOsm/kg  
She is admitted to the hospital for further management.
Her temperature is 36.8°C (98.3°F), pulse is 75/min, and blood pressure is 110/65 mmHg.
The uterus is consistent in size with a 12-week gestation.
Speculum exam shows an open cervical os and blood clots within the vaginal vault.
Transvaginal ultrasound shows an empty gestational sac.
The patient is worried about undergoing invasive procedures.
In particular, he will compare 3 different types of suture repairs biomechanically in order to determine the maximum load before failure of the tendon 2 weeks after repair.
He collects data on maximum load for 90 different repaired tendons from an animal model.
Thirty tendons were repaired using each of the different suture techniques.
On examination, he appears pale.
He also has multiple pinpoint, red, nonblanching spots on his extremities.
His spleen is significantly enlarged.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 8.3 g/dL, a leukocyte count of 81,000/mm3, and a platelet count of 35,600/mm3.
A peripheral blood smear shows immature cells with large, prominent nucleoli and pink, elongated, needle-shaped cytoplasmic inclusions.
A mutation in the gene encoding for the CD21 protein is induced in a sample of cells obtained from the nasopharyngeal epithelium.
The pain originally did not bother her, but it has recently begun to affect her daily functioning.
She states that the early morning stiffness in her hands is severe and has made it difficult to tend to her rose garden.
She occasionally takes ibuprofen for the pain, but she says this does not really help.
Her medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus and major depressive disorder.
She is currently taking insulin, sertraline, and a daily multivitamin.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 126/84 mm Hg, heart rate 82/min, and temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F).
On physical exam, her wrists and metacarpophalangeal joints are swollen, tender, erythematous, and warm to the touch.
There are no nodules or vasculitic lesions.
He has back stiffness that lasts all morning and slowly improves throughout the day.
He has tried multiple over-the-counter medications, including ibuprofen, without any improvement in his symptoms.
Physical examination shows tenderness over the iliac crest bilaterally and limited range of motion of the lumbar spine with forward flexion.
The results of HLA-B27 testing are positive.
An x-ray of the lumbar spine shows fusion of the lumbar vertebrae and sacroiliac joints.
The physician plans to prescribe a new medication but first orders a tuberculin skin test to assess for the risk of latent tuberculosis reactivation.
He thinks that the NSA is spying on him and controlling his mind.
His wife reports that the patient has become withdrawn and at times depressed for the past 3 months.
He lost his job because he stopped going to work 4 weeks ago.
Since then, he has been working on an invention that will block people from being able to control his mind.
Physical and neurologic examinations show no abnormalities.
On mental status examination, he is confused and suspicious with marked psychomotor agitation.
His speech is disorganized and his affect is labile.
He reports that in high school, he occasionally had shortness of breath and would wheeze after running.
His symptoms have progressively worsened over the past 6 months and are now occurring daily.
He also finds himself being woken up from sleep by his wheeze approximately 3 times a week.
His medical history is unremarkable.
He denies tobacco use or excessive alcohol consumption.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), blood pressure is 121/82 mm Hg, and heart rate is 82/min.
Physical examination is remarkable for expiratory wheezing bilaterally.
Spirometry shows an FEV1 of 73% of predicted, which improves by 19% with albuterol.
She used to go running three times each week but had to stop because of decreased exercise tolerance and pain in the bilateral ankles.
Two months ago, she was in Nigeria for several weeks to visit her family.
She is allergic to cats and pollen.
She has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 17 years.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows multiple 1.5- to 2-cm, nontender lymph nodes in the axillae.
A few crackles are heard on auscultation of the chest.
Her serum calcium concentration is 11.7 mg/dL.
An x-ray of the chest shows enlarged hilar lymph nodes bilaterally and reticular opacities in both lungs.
His wife reports that she and the patient were walking their dog when he suddenly lost consciousness.
On physical exam, he has a loud crescendo-decrescendo systolic murmur and is subsequently diagnosed with severe aortic stenosis.
The patient undergoes open aortic valve replacement and has an uncomplicated postoperative course.
His sternal wound drain is pulled for low output on post-operative day three.
On post-operative day five, the patient complains of pain during deep inspiration and retrosternal chest pain.
His temperature is 101.7°F (38.7°C), blood pressure is 125/81 mmHg, pulse is 104/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On physical exam, the patient is tender to palpation around his sternal wound, and there is erythema around the incision without dehiscence.
His chest radiograph shows a widened mediastinum with a small pleural effusion on the left.
CT angiography shows stranding in the subcutaneous tissue and a fluid collection below the sternum.
These symptoms have recurred regularly for the past 5–6 years.
She also says that there are times when she experiences a feeling of having a foreign body in her vagina.
With the onset of symptoms, she was evaluated by a physician who prescribed her medications after a thorough examination and recommended a vaginal pessary, but she was non-compliant.
She had 3 vaginal deliveries She has been menopausal since 51 years of age.
She does not have a history of malignancies or cardiovascular disease.
She has type 2 diabetes mellitus that is controlled with diet and metformin.
Her vital signs include: blood pressure 110/60 mm Hg, heart rate 91/min, respiratory rate 13/min, and temperature 37.4℃ (99.3℉).
On physical examination, there is bilateral costovertebral angle tenderness.
The urinary bladder is non-palpable.
The gynecologic examination reveals descent of the cervix to the level of the introitus.
A Valsalva maneuver elicits uterine procidentia.
During this period, he has had about 12 watery, non-bloody bowel movements and has vomited three times.
He came back from a trip to India 3 days ago, where he and his family were visiting relatives.
He has not been able to eat anything since the symptoms started.
The patient has not urinated since yesterday.
He appears pale.
His temperature is 38°C (100.4°F), pulse is 106/min, and blood pressure is 96/60 mm Hg.
Examination shows dry mucous membranes.
The abdomen is soft with no organomegaly.
Bowel sounds are hyperactive.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 13 g/dL
Serum
Na+ 148 mEq/L
Cl- 103 mEq/L
K+ 3.7 mEq/L
HCO3- 19 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 80 mg/dL
Glucose 90 mg/dL
Creatinine 2 mg/dL
Intravenous fluid resuscitation is begun.
This morning he noticed that his gums bled when he brushed his teeth.
He returned from a backpacking trip to the Philippines 4 days ago.
His temperature is 39.4°C (103.0°F).
Physical examination shows a diffuse maculopapular rash.
His leukocyte count is 3,200/mm3 and platelet count is 89,000/mm3.
Further evaluation shows increased serum levels of a flavivirus.
100 cases of mesothelioma and 100 age and sex matched controls are to be recruited and interviewed about their exposure to industrial grade fiberglass by blinded interviewers.
The investigators' primary hypothesis is that cases of mesothelioma will be more likely to have been exposed to industrial grade fiberglass.
The patient reports a dull pain that has been present for 4 weeks now.
The patient states that the pain is located to his right upper quadrant and does not change with eating.
The patient denies any alcohol or illicit substance use, stating that he is meticulous about eating healthy since he is a professional bodybuilder.
The patient reports no history of malignancy.
On exam, the patient's temperature is 98.2°F (36.8°C), blood pressure is 130/86 mmHg, pulse is 60/min, and respirations are 12/min.
The patient has an athletic build, and his exam is unremarkable for any palpable mass or abdominal tenderness.
On further questioning, the patient does endorse a 5-year history of using anabolic steroids for bodybuilding.
Imaging demonstrates an enhancing liver nodule.
One year ago, he had a similar episode lasting 6 months.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 25 years.
Physical examination shows bluish discoloration of the tongue and lips.
Scattered expiratory wheezing and rhonchi are heard throughout both lung fields.
She says she also has dizziness and tingling in the lips and hands.
Her past medical history is relevant for general anxiety disorder, managed medically with paroxetine.
At admission, her pulse is 125/min, respiratory rate is 25/min, and body temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°C).
Physical examination is unremarkable.
An arterial blood gas sample is taken.
She noticed bleeding spots on her feet this morning.
The past medical history is significant for a recent dental appointment.
She is a non-smoker and does not drink alcohol.
She does not currently take any medications.
On examination, the vital signs include temperature 37.8°C (100.0°F), blood pressure 138/90 mm Hg, respirations 21/min, and pulse 87/min.
Cardiac auscultation reveals a pansystolic murmur in the mitral area with radiation to the right axilla.
Laboratory studies show hemoglobin levels of 17.2 g/dL, erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) of 25 mm/h, and a white blood cell (WBC) count of 12,000 cells/mm3.
An echocardiogram (ECG) reveals valvular vegetations on the mitral valve with mild regurgitation.
Blood samples are sent for bacterial culture.
Empiric antibiotic therapy is initiated with ceftriaxone and vancomycin.
She has no  current complaints or concurrent diseases.
She underwent a tubal ligation after her last pregnancy.
Her last Pap smear showed a high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion and a reflex HPV test was positive.
Colposcopic examination reveals areas of thin acetowhite epithelium with diffuse borders and fine punctation.
The biopsy obtained from the suspicious areas shows CIN 1.
He has hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 40 years.
His current medications include metformin, sitagliptin, and enalapril.
He is 177 cm (5 ft 10 in) tall and weighs 65 kg (143 lb); BMI is 20.7 kg/m2.
He appears lethargic.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Pulse oximetry shows an oxygen saturation of 98%.
Examination shows inspiratory wheezing at the left lung base.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
A complete blood count and serum concentrations of electrolytes, creatinine, glucose, and liver enzymes are within the reference range.
Spirometry shows an FEV1 of 1.6 L. The diffusing lung capacity for carbon monoxide (DLCO) is 66% of predicted.
He has no prior history of medical procedures or surgeries and no history of easy bruising.
He appears well.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
He reports feeling depressed since his wife left him 6 months prior and is unable to recall why she left him.
He denies any sleep disturbance, change in his eating habits, guilt, or suicidal ideation.
His past medical history is notable for hypertension, gout, and a myocardial infarction five years ago.
He takes lisinopril, aspirin, metoprolol, and allopurinol.
He has a 50 pack-year smoking history and was previously a heroin addict but has not used in over 20 years.
He drinks at least 6 beers per day.
His temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 155/95 mmHg, pulse is 100/min, and respirations are 18/min.
He appears somewhat disheveled, inattentive, and smells of alcohol.
During his prior visits, he has been well-groomed and attentive.
The patient reports going camping last month but denies having been bitten by a tick.
His past medical history is significant for asthma treated with an albuterol inhaler.
His pulse is 54/min and blood pressure is 110/72.
Physical examination reveals multiple circular red rings with central clearings on the right arm and chest.
There is a normal range of motion in all joints and 5/5 strength bilaterally in the upper and lower extremities.
He says that symptoms onset acutely half an hour ago while he was watching television.
He describes the pain as being 8/10 in intensity, sharp in character, localized to the center of the chest and retrosternal, and radiating to the back and shoulders.
The patient denies any associated change in the pain with breathing or body position.
He says he has associated nausea but denies any vomiting.
He denies any recent history of fever, chills, or chronic cough.
His past medical history is significant for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes mellitus for which he takes lisinopril, hydrochlorothiazide, simvastatin, and metformin.
He reports a 30-pack-year smoking history and has 1–2 alcoholic drinks during the weekend.
Family history is significant for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and an ST elevation myocardial infarction in his father and paternal uncle.
His blood pressure is 220/110 mm Hg in the right arm and 180/100 mm Hg in the left arm.
On physical examination, the patient is diaphoretic.
Cardiac exam reveals a grade 2/6 diastolic decrescendo murmur loudest over the left sternal border.
Remainder of the physical examination is normal.
The chest radiograph shows a widened mediastinum.
The electrocardiogram (ECG) reveals non-specific ST segment and T wave changes.
Intravenous morphine and beta-blockers are started.
There are 1000 participants.
It is determined that in this population, the mean LDL is 200 mg/dL with a standard deviation of 50 mg/dL.
He has been hospitalized 3 times for severe skin and respiratory infections, which responded to treatment with antibiotics.
Examination shows sparse silvery hair.
The skin is hypopigmented and there are diffuse petechiae.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 8 g/dL, leukocyte count of 3000/mm3, and platelet count of 45,000/mm3.
A peripheral blood smear shows giant cytoplasmic granules in granulocytes and platelets.
He has a history of similar recurrent bone pain in the past which was partially relieved by analgesics.
His vital signs include: blood pressure 120/70 mm Hg, pulse 105/min, respiratory rate 40/min, temperature 37.7℃ (99.9℉), and oxygen saturation 98% in room air.
On physical examination, the patient is in severe distress due to pain.
He is pale, icteric and dehydrated.
His abdomen is full, tense and some degree of guarding is present.
Musculoskeletal examination reveals diffuse tenderness of the legs and arms.
A complete blood count reveals the following:
Hb 6.5g/dL
Hct 18%
MCV 82.3 fL
Platelet 465,000/µL
WBC 9800/µL
Reticulocyte 7%
Total bilirubin 84 g/dL
A peripheral blood smear shows target cells, elongated cells, and erythrocytes with nuclear remnants.
Results from Hb electrophoresis are shown in the exhibit (see image).
She is emergently moved to the cardiac catheterization lab where she undergoes cardiac angiography.
Angiography reveals that the diameter of her left anterior descending artery (LAD) is 50% of normal.
He has been unable to engage in his daily activities.
Three months ago, he was treated for a urinary tract infection with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
He has hypertension, asthma, and chronic lower back pain.
Current medications include hydrochlorothiazide, an albuterol inhaler, naproxen, and an aspirin-caffeine combination.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows conjunctival pallor.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 9.1 g/dL
Leukocyte count 8,900/mm3
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 13 mm/h
Serum
Na+ 136 mEq/L
K+ 4.8 mEq/L
Cl- 102 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 41 mg/dL
Glucose 70 mg/dL
Creatinine 2.4 mg/dL
Calcium 9.8 mg/dL
Urine
Protein 1+
Blood 1+
RBCs none
WBCs 8–9/hpf
Bacteria none
Urine cultures are negative.
Ultrasound shows shrunken kidneys with irregular contours and papillary calcifications.
She also complains of chronic cough that has lasted for 10 years.
Her symptoms are worsened even with light activities like climbing up a flight of stairs.
She denies any weight loss, lightheadedness, or fever.
Her medical history is significant for hypertension, for which she takes amlodipine daily.
She has a 70-pack-year history of cigarette smoking and drinks 3–4 alcoholic beverages per week.
Her blood pressure today is 128/84 mm Hg.
A chest X-ray shows flattening of the diaphragm bilaterally.
Physical examination is notable for coarse wheezing bilaterally.
He says that he strains to void, has terminal dribbling, and has urinary urgency.
Past medical history is significant for orthostatic hypotension.
On digital rectal exam, you note symmetric firm enlargement of the prostate.
Free Prostate-Specific-Antigen (PSA) level is 4.6 ng/mL.
Before you finish your physical exam, the patient asks if there is anything you can do for his male-pattern baldness.
His wife states that he suddenly appeared pale and collapsed to the ground.
She says he remained unconscious for 1 minute.
He says noticed a fluttering in his chest and excessive sweating before the episode.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus, essential hypertension, and chronic stable angina.
He has not started any new medications in the past few months.
Vital signs reveal: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 135/72 mm Hg, and pulse 72/min.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
ECG shows an old bifascicular block.
Echocardiogram and 24-hour Holter monitoring are normal.
During the intervention, she was found to have an occluded left anterior descending artery and 3 stents were placed.
She has hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and coronary artery disease.
Prior to admission, her medications were metoprolol, enalapril, atorvastatin, and aspirin.
Her temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 93/min, and blood pressure is 115/78 mm Hg.
Examination shows discoloration of the toes of both feet.
A photograph of the right foot is shown.
The lesions are cool and tender to palpation.
The rest of the skin on the feet is warm; femoral and pedal pulses are palpable bilaterally.
The study decides to use a sample size of 1,000 patients, and half of the patients enrolled have AD.
In the group of patients with AD, 400 are found positive on the novel type of PET imaging examination.
In the control group, 50 are found positive.
The patient says she has been having episodes of diarrhea, which she attributes to laxatives she takes regularly to keep her weight down.
She also says she has not had her period yet.
The patient’s mother adds that the patient has been underperforming at school and acting very strangely at home.
Her current BMI is 16.8 kg/m2.
On physical examination, the skin on her limbs and around her neck is inflamed and erythematous.
Her tongue is bright red and smooth.
She states that over the last 2 weeks, she has been eating nothing but small portions of fruit.
She is diagnosed with a vitamin deficiency.
His past medical history is unknown due to his current clinical condition.
Currently, his blood pressure is 75/40 mmHg, pulse rate is 140/min, and respiratory rate is 17/min.
The patient is subsequently intubated and started on aggressive fluid resuscitation.
A Swan-Ganz catheter is inserted to clarify his volume status.
Pressure probes A and B are placed as follows:
Probe A: between the parietal and visceral pleura
Probe B: within the cavity of an alveoli
The probes provide a pressure reading relative to atmospheric pressure.
To obtain a baseline reading, she is asked to sit comfortably and breathe normally.
He was playing football when his symptoms started.
The patient’s past medical history is notable only for asthma.
Social history is notable for unprotected sex with 4 women in the past month.
His temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 120/88 mmHg, pulse is 117/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is noted for a non-tender abdomen.
Testicular exam reveals a right testicle which is elevated with a horizontal lie and the scrotum is neither swollen nor discolored.
He has had recurrent episodes of gastroenteritis since birth.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows subcostal retractions and crackles bilaterally.
There is enlargement of the cervical, axillary, and inguinal lymph nodes.
An x-ray of the chest shows bilateral consolidations.
A sputum culture shows colonies of Burkholderia cepacia.
A blood sample is obtained and after the addition of nitroblue tetrazolium to the sample, neutrophils remain colorless.
His mother reports that the patient used to play outside with their neighbors for hours, but for the past few months she has seen him sitting on the sidewalk after 15 minutes because he’s too tired.
The patient says his legs are “sleepy.” The patient’s mother has also had to remove the carpets from the house because the patient kept tripping over the edges.
The mother reports that the patient is shy but cooperates well with his siblings and other children.
He can say his first and last name and just started counting.
His mother states he learned to fully walk by 15 months of age.
He was hospitalized for bronchiolitis at 12 months of age, which resolved with supportive care.
He had an uncomplicated orchiopexy surgery for undescended testes at 7 months of age.
He has no other chronic medical conditions and takes no medications.
He is up to date on his vaccinations including a flu vaccine 2 weeks ago.
The patient’s mother has systemic lupus erythematous and his paternal uncle has dermatomyositis.
On physical examination, bilateral calves are large in circumference compared to the thighs.
Strength is 3/5 in bilateral quadriceps and 4/5 in bilateral calves.
Sensation is intact.
Achilles tendon reflexes are 1+ bilaterally.
The patient can hop on one leg, but gets tired after 10 jumps.
He has a slight waddling gait.
She was supposed to attend her first job interview in a few hours when she started having palpitations.
Her past medical history is insignificant, and she currently takes no medications.
Her vitals show the following: pulse rate is 90/min, respiratory rate is 28/min, and blood pressure is 136/86 mm Hg.
Her ECG is normal.
What will be the patient’s approximate alveolar carbon dioxide pressure (PACO2) given her normal respiratory rate is 14/min and PACO2 is 36 mm Hg?
He wakes up several times a night to urinate.
He does not take any medications.
His blood pressure is 166/82 mm Hg.
Digital rectal examination shows a firm, non-tender, and uniformly enlarged prostate.
She has also had fatigue and occasional shortness of breath for the past 5 months.
She is a painter.
Examination shows pale conjunctivae.
Sensation to vibration and position is absent over the lower extremities.
She has a broad-based gait.
The patient sways when she stands with her feet together and closes her eyes.
She recently had a screening Pap smear, which was negative for malignancy.
Her past medical history is significant for a Pap smear 2 years ago that reported a low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL).
A subsequent colposcopy diagnosed low-grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN2).
The patient is surprised by the differences in her diagnostic tests.
You explain to her the basis for the difference and reassure her.
He was running with the ball when he dodged a defensive player and fell, twisting his left knee.
He felt a “pop” as he fell.
When he attempts to bear weight on his left knee, it feels unstable, and "gives way."
He needs assistance to walk off the field.
The pain is localized diffusely over the knee and is non-radiating.
His past medical history is notable for asthma.
He uses an albuterol inhaler as needed.
He does not smoke or drink alcohol.
On exam, he has a notable suprapatellar effusion.
Range of motion is limited in the extremes of flexion.
When the proximal tibia is pulled anteriorly while the knee is flexed and the patient is supine, there is 1.5 centimeter of anterior translation.
The contralateral knee translates 0.5 centimeters with a similar force.
She was gardening when she suddenly developed these symptoms.
She is not able to respond to the questions despite multiple repetitions.
She also appears unsteady with her gait and is able to walk with support.
The past medical history includes type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and osteoarthritis.
The medicine list includes aspirin, atorvastatin, metformin, and chondroitin sulfate.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 174/88 mm Hg, heart rate 154/min and irregular, respiratory rate 12/min, and oxygen saturation 96% on room air.
She is awake, but not following commands.
The pupils are equal bilaterally and reactive to light.
There is mild facial droop on the right side.
The forehead wrinkles are preserved.
When the soles of her feet are stimulated with a blunt instrument, the right-sided big toe goes upward, while the left-sided big toe goes downward.
The ECG shows variable R-R intervals and absent of P waves.
He mentions that the pain is not present at rest, but when he walks for some distance, he feels pain like a pressure over the retrosternal region.
The pain disappears within a few minutes of stopping the physical activity.
He is an otherwise healthy man with no known medical disorder.
He does not smoke or have any known dependence.
There is no family history of ischemic heart disease or vascular disorder.
On physical examination, his vital signs, including blood pressure, are normal.
The diagnosis of coronary artery disease due to atherosclerosis is made.
One of the samples being reviewed is from the anterior horn of the spinal cord of a patient who was involved in a snowboard accident.
Pathologic examination of the biopsy specimen shows dispersion of the Nissl bodies, swelling of the neuronal body, and a displacement of the nucleus to the periphery in numerous cells.
Once the sperm enters the cytoplasm, a cortical reaction occurs which prevents other sperm from entering the oocyte.
The oocyte then undergoes an important reaction.
He first noticed the blood 1 week ago.
He otherwise feels healthy.
His past medical history is significant for type 2 diabetes mellitus for 18 years, for which he takes insulin injections.
He has smoked 30–40 cigarettes per day for the past 29 years and drinks alcohol socially.
Today his vital signs include: temperature 36.6°C (97.8°F), blood pressure 135/82 mm Hg, and heart rate 105/min.
There are no findings on physical examination.
Urinalysis shows 15–20 red cells/high power field.
She describes the discharge as yellow and mucopurulent with a foul odor.
She has also noticed vaginal bleeding after sexual activity.
She has not had any itching or irritation.
Her last menstrual period was 2 weeks ago.
She is sexually active with one male partner, and they use condoms inconsistently.
A rapid urine hCG test is negative.
Her temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 108/62 mm Hg.
Pelvic examination shows a friable cervix.
Speculum examination is unremarkable.
A wet mount shows no abnormalities.
He states that his life has been hectic lately and that everything seems to be falling apart.
He is scared that he will lose his job, that his wife will leave him, and that his children will not be able to afford to go to college.
His worries are severe enough that they have began to interfere with his daily activities.
His wife is also present and states that he has a very secure job and that they are well off financially.
She says that he has always worried about something since she met him years ago.
During this period, he has also had occasional bleeding from his gums after brushing his teeth.
One month ago, he was diagnosed with deep vein thrombosis after returning from an overseas business meeting.
His pulse is 118/min, respirations are 19/min, and blood pressure is 149/91 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 97%.
Examination shows bluish discoloration of the lips.
The tip of the spleen is palpable 1 cm below the left costal margin.
Sensory examination of the hands shows paresthesia.
Hemoglobin concentration is 18 g/dL, hematocrit is 65%, leukocytes are 15,000/μL, and platelets are 470,000/μL.
His serum erythropoietin concentration is decreased.
She was found trying to hang herself in her kitchen.
The patient has a past medical history of drug abuse, alcoholism, anxiety, mania, irritable bowel syndrome, and hypertension.
Her current medications include naltrexone, sodium docusate, and clonazepam as needed.
Her temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 100/65 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
On physical exam, you note a teary young woman.
There are multiple bilateral superficial cuts along her wrists.
The patient's cardiac and pulmonary exams are within normal limits.
Neurological exam reveals a patient who is alert and oriented.
The patient claims that you cannot send her home because if you do she will kill herself.
Laboratory values are ordered and return as below.
Hemoglobin: 15 g/dL
Hematocrit: 40%
Leukocyte count: 4,500 cells/mm^3 with normal differential
Platelet count: 197,500/mm^3

Serum:
Na+: 139 mEq/L
Cl-: 102 mEq/L
K+: 4.4 mEq/L
HCO3-: 24 mEq/L
BUN: 20 mg/dL
Glucose: 90 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.0 mg/dL
Ca2+: 10.2 mg/dL
AST: 12 U/L
ALT: 10 U/L

The patient is transferred to the crisis intervention unit.
Her symptoms initially started in the left eye and progressed to involve both eyes within 24 hours.
She presents with profuse tearing and reports that her eyes are sticky and difficult to open in the morning.
She was diagnosed with asthma 2 years ago and has been admitted to the hospital for acute exacerbations 3 times since then.
Current medications include inhaled beclomethasone, inhaled albuterol, and montelukast.
Her temperature is 38.2 °C (100.8°F).
Physical examination reveals a tender left preauricular lymph node.
There is chemosis and diffuse erythema of the bulbar conjunctiva bilaterally.
Slit lamp examination reveals a follicular reaction in both palpebral conjunctivae and diffuse, fine epithelial keratitis of both corneas.
Corneal sensation is normal.
Examination shows a hard nodule on the left side of her neck.
A fine-needle aspiration biopsy shows well-differentiated cuboidal cells arranged spherically around colloid.
She undergoes thyroidectomy.
Histopathological examination of the surgical specimen shows invasion of the thyroid capsule and blood vessels.
For the past 2 weeks, he was unsuccessfully treated for an upper respiratory tract infection with ampicillin.
He has a history of neonatal sepsis, frequent respiratory tract infections since the age of 3 months, and recurrent otitis media.
He was born full-term vaginally to a consanguineous couple from an uncomplicated pregnancy.
He received routine immunizations until 6 months of age.
The patient’s vital signs are as follows: blood pressure is 70/40 mm Hg, heart rate is 138/min, respiratory rate is 39/min, and temperature is 39.5℃ (103.1 ℉).
Physical examination reveals cyanosis, nasal flare, intercostal retractions, and bilaterally decreased breath sounds with crackles heard over the lower lobes on auscultation.
The chest X-ray confirms bilateral lower lobe pneumonia.
The blood count shows the following findings:
Erythrocytes 4.1 x 106/mm3
Hgb 13 g/dL
Total leukocyte count  41,100/mm3
Neutrophils 74%
Lymphocytes 14%
Eosinophils 2%
Monocytes 10%
Basophils 0%
Platelet count 210,000/mm3
The patient is diagnosed with bilateral community-acquired lower lobe pneumonia and prescribed antibiotics.
He explains that for 3 months he has had difficulty climbing the stairs, which has now progressed to difficulty getting out of a chair.
He denies diplopia, dysphagia, dyspnea, muscle aches, or joint pains.
He denies weight loss, weight gain, change in appetite, or heat or cold intolerance.
He reports intermittent low-grade fevers.
He has a medical history significant for hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
He has taken simvastatin and losartan daily for the past 6 years.
His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 135/82 mmHg, and pulse is 76/min.
Cardiopulmonary examination is normal.
The abdomen is soft, non-tender, non-distended, and without hepatosplenomegaly.
Muscle strength is 3/5 in the hip flexors and 4/5 in the deltoids, biceps, triceps, patellar, and Achilles tendon reflexes are 2+ and symmetric.
Sensation to pain, light touch, and vibration are intact.
Gait is cautious, but grossly normal.
There is mild muscle tenderness of his thighs and upper extremities.
There is no joint swelling or erythema and no skin rashes.
A complete metabolic panel is within normal limits.
He is concerned because his mother died of colorectal cancer at 50 years of age.
He has no further information about his family history.
Physical examination and digital rectal examination are normal.
He undergoes a colonoscopy and is found to have innumerable adenomas in the left side of the colon ranging in size from 4–15 mm.
He mentions that he has to wake up multiple times at night to urinate.
A detailed history reveals that he has a known case of bipolar mood disorder and has been taking lithium carbonate for 5 years.
His urinary specific gravity is 1.003, and his urinary osmolality is 150 mOsm/kg H2O.
They come in every 2–3 months for the procedure.
The child is in good health with no symptoms.
Her last trip to the emergency department was 6 months ago due to bone pain.
She was treated with morphine and oxygen and a blood transfusion.
She takes hydroxyurea and a multivitamin with iron every day.
She has an uncle that also has to get blood exchanges.
Today, her heart rate is 90/min, respiratory rate is 17/min, blood pressure is 110/65 mm Hg, and temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F).
She calmly waits for the machine to be set up and catheters inserted into both of her arms.
She watches a movie as her blood is slowly replaced with 6 L of red blood cells.
Family members report that she complained about feeling chest pain and shortness of breath while on her morning walk.
Medical history is noncontributory.
Physical examination shows decreased pupil reactivity to light and hemiplegic gait.
Her pulse is 120/min, respirations are 26/min, temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F), and blood pressure is 160/80 mm Hg.
On heart auscultation, S1 is loud, widely split, and there is a diastolic murmur.
Transthoracic echocardiography in a 4-chamber apical view revealed a large oval-shaped and sessile left atrial mass.
He also complains of early morning stiffness of his metatarsophalangeal and metacarpophalangeal joints on both sides that lasts for 2 hours.
He feels better only after a warm water tub bath every day in the morning.
He denies noticing any kind of rash on his body.
He has been working in the shipbuilding industry for 20 years.
He loves skin tanning and hunting in summer.
He smokes 2 packs of cigarettes every day and has been doing so for the past 15 years.
His pulmonary function test shows reduced forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1)/forced vital capacity (FVC) ratio with a reduction of both FEV1 and FEV1 and decreased diffusing capacity of the lungs for carbon monoxide (DLCO).
His chest X-ray shows multiple nodules with calcification.
Upon questioning, he endorses abdominal pain, non-bloody diarrhea, and decreased appetite over the past year.
He denies recent travel outside of the country or eating uncooked meats.
On exam, his temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 126/78 mmHg, pulse is 93/min, and respirations are 12/min.
Notably, the abdominal exam is unremarkable aside from some tenderness to palpation near the umbilicus.
His colonoscopy demonstrates perianal inflammation with a normal rectum, and biopsies of suspicious lesions in the transverse colon reveal transmural inflammation.
He was born in Southeast Asia and emigrated to America ten years prior.
Examination demonstrates 2+ pitting edema to the level of his knees, ascites, and bibasilar crackles, as well as an opening snap followed by a mid-to-late diastolic murmur.
The patient undergoes a right heart catheterization that demonstrates a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure (PCWP) of 24 mmHg.
The physician recommends a chemotherapeutic regimen containing bortezomib.
He says he has been feeling well and has no complaints.
No significant past medical history or current medications.
The patient reports a 35-pack-year smoking history but says he quit 5 years ago.
His family history is significant for lung cancer in his father who died at age 67.
His vital signs include: temperature 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse 95/min, respiratory rate 16/min, blood pressure 100/75 mm Hg.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
She is an otherwise healthy woman with no significant past medical history and has an active sexual life.
On physical examination, her temperature is 39.4°C (103.0°F), pulse rate is 90/min, blood pressure is 122/80 mm Hg, and respiratory rate is 14/min.
Examination of the abdomen and genitourinary region do not reveal any specific positive findings.
The physician orders a urinalysis of fresh unspun urine for this patient which shows 25 WBCs/mL of urine.
The physician prescribes an empirical antibiotic and other medications for symptom relief.
He also orders a bacteriological culture of her urine.
After 48 hours of treatment, the woman returns to the physician to report that her symptoms have not improved.
The bacteriological culture report indicates the growth of gram-negative bacilli which are lactose-negative and indole-negative, which produce a substance that hydrolyzes urea to produce ammonia.
He states that his trouble with hearing began approximately 7-8 years ago.
He is able to hear when someone is speaking to him; however, he has difficulty with understanding what is being said, especially when there is background noise.
In addition to his current symptoms, he reports a steady ringing in both ears, and at times experiences dizziness.
Medical history is significant for three prior episodes of acute otitis media.
Family history is notable for his father being diagnosed with cholesteatoma.
His temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 138/88 mmHg, pulse is 14/min, and respirations are 13/min.
On physical exam, when a tuning fork is placed in the middle of the patient's forehead, sound is appreciated equally on both ears.
When a tuning fork is placed by the external auditory canal and subsequently on the mastoid process, air conduction is greater than bone conduction.
The structure of one of the amino acids being studied is shown.
He says that the pain does not appear to be associated with activity and is somewhat relieved by taking an NSAID.
Furthermore, he says that he has had increasing difficulty trying to urinate.
His past medical history is significant for kidney stones and a 30-pack-year smoking history.
Radiographs reveal osteoblastic lesions in the spine.
She notes that they first started appearing 2 months ago and have not improved.
She describes the lesions as painless and rarely itchy.
She denies any similar symptoms in the past, and has no other significant past medical history.
Review of systems is significant for recent joint pain, conjunctivitis, and corneal dryness.
The patient is afebrile and vital signs are within normal limits.
Non-tender, raised, inflamed, white-silver maculopapular lesions are present.
She was born at 39 weeks' gestation to a 28-year-old woman, gravida 1, para 1.
Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated.
The mother had not seen her gynecologist since her first prenatal visit.
The newborn's temperature is 37.2°C (99.0°F), pulse is 140/min, respirations are 42/min, and blood pressure is 73/53 mm Hg.
Ophthalmic examination shows eyelid edema, conjunctival injection, and copious yellow mucopurulent discharge from the right eye.
There is no corneal ulceration or evidence of keratitis.
Funduscopic examination is normal.
The diagnosis is confirmed and appropriate treatment is administered.
He had no preceding chest pain or palpitations.
His father has cataracts and had frontal balding in his twenties but has no history of cardiac disease.
His paternal grandfather also had early-onset balding.
His pulse is 43/min.
Physical examination shows frontal hair loss, temporal muscle wasting, and testicular atrophy.
Neurologic examination shows bilateral foot drop and weakness of the intrinsic hand muscles.
An ECG shows bradycardia with third-degree atrioventricular block.
She reports that the pain has worsened since the onset.
The patient denies a history of insect bites or trauma.
She has never experienced something like this in the past.
Her pregnancy has been uneventful so far.
She does not use alcohol, tobacco, or any illicit drugs.
She does not take any medications other than prenatal vitamins.
Her temperature is 36.8℃ (98.2℉), the blood pressure is 105/60 mm Hg, the pulse is 110/min, and the respirations are 15/min.
The left calf is edematous with the presence of erythema.
The skin feels warm and pain is elicited with passive dorsiflexion of the foot.
The femoral, popliteal, and pedal pulses are palpable bilaterally.
An abdominal examination reveals a fundal height consistent with the gestational age.
The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
The patient is admitted to the hospital and appropriate treatment is initiated.
She also complains of a fine pink and itchy rash that appeared 2 nights ago.
The rash 1st appeared on her face and spread to her neck.
Past medical history is noncontributory.
She takes prenatal vitamins with folate every day.
She has had many sick contacts while working in the hospital.
Additionally, her daughter has had several colds over the last few months.
On examination, the temperature is 38.3°C (100.9°F), she has a fine macular rash on her face and neck with focal macules on her chest.
Palpation of the neck reveals lymphadenopathy in the posterior auricular nodes.
On physical examination, his pulses are bounding, his complexion is very pale, and scleral icterus is apparent.
The spleen is moderately enlarged.
Oxygen saturation is 79% at rest, with a new oxygen requirement of 9 L by a non-rebreather mask.
Laboratory analysis results show a hemoglobin level of 6.8 g/dL.
He reports that he developed progressively worsening swelling and tenderness over the right antecubital fossa three days prior.
He recently returned from a trip to Nicaragua.
His past medical history is notable for an anaphylactoid reaction to vancomycin.
His temperature is 101.4°F (38.6°C), blood pressure is 140/70 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 20/min.
Physical examination reveals an erythematous, fluctuant, and tender mass overlying the right antecubital fossa.
Multiple injection marks are noted across both upper extremities.
He undergoes incision and drainage and is started on an antibiotic that targets the 50S ribosome.
He is discharged with plans to follow up in one week.
However, five days later he presents to the same emergency room complaining of abdominal cramps and watery diarrhea.
The patient arrived at the emergency department within one hour.
A CT scan was performed of the head and did not reveal any signs of hemorrhage.
The patient is given thrombolytics and is then managed on the neurology floor.
Three days later, the patient is recovering and is stable.
He seems depressed but is doing well with his symptoms gradually improving as compared to his initial presentation.
The patient complains of neck pain that has worsened slowly over the past few days for which he is being given ibuprofen.
Laboratory values are ordered and return as indicated below:

Serum:
Na+: 130 mEq/L
K+: 3.7 mEq/L
Cl-: 100 mEq/L
HCO3-: 24 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen: 7 mg/dL
Glucose: 70 mg/dL
Creatinine: 0.9 mg/dL
Ca2+: 9.7 mg/dL

Urine:
Appearance: dark
Glucose: negative
WBC: 0/hpf
Bacterial: none
Na+: 320 mEq/L/24 hours

His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), pulse is 95/min, blood pressure is 129/70 mmHg, respirations are 10/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Current medications include donepezil and galantamine.
His vital signs are as follows: temperature 36.0°C (96.8°F), blood pressure 90/60 mm Hg, heart rate 102/min, respiratory rate 22/min.
Physical examination reveals several lacerations on his head and extremities.
He is oriented only to the person.
Urine and blood cultures are positive for E. coli.
The patient is admitted and initial treatment with IV fluids, antibiotics, and subcutaneous prophylactic heparin.
On the second day of hospitalization, diffuse bleeding from venipuncture sites and wounds is observed.
His blood test results show thrombocytopenia, prolonged PT and PTT, and a positive D-dimer.
She was in her usual state of health until about 2 hours ago when she was found trying to cook a frozen pizza in her medicine cabinet.
She also complained to her husband that she had a terrible headache.
Her past medical history is notable for hypertension, which has been difficult to control on multiple medications.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F), the pulse is 75/min, and the blood pressure is 202/128 mm Hg.
On physical exam, she is alert and oriented only to self.
The physical exam is otherwise unremarkable and the neurologic exam shows no focal neurological deficits.
Noncontrast CT head imaging is unremarkable; a T2-weighted image from the patient’s MRI brain scan is shown.
The patient says that he is being haunted by aliens from outer space.
The father is worried as his son has had these symptoms for the past 7 months and lately, it seems to be getting worse.
He has become more self-obsessed and does not seem to have any interest in his favorite activities.
He has no plans to harm himself or others but spends a lot of time and energy building ‘defenses’ in and around his room as he is absolutely sure that aliens will come to get him soon.
His blood pressure is 121/79 mm Hg, pulse 86/min, respiratory rate 15/min, temperature 36.8°C (98.2°F).
The patient had chronic heartburn and abdominal pain for the last 2 months and peptic ulcer disease due to a suspected H. pylori infection.
For reasons relating to affordability and accessibility, the doctor decides to perform a diagnostic test in the office that is less invasive and more convenient.
Examination of the oropharynx shows lesions on palate and tongue that can be easily scraped off.
An image of the lesions is shown.
These symptoms developed gradually over the past week.
He attends a primary school where recently an outbreak of tonsillitis took place.
He had otitis media 2 weeks ago treated with ampicillin.
At the presentation, the patient’s vital signs are within normal limits.
Eye examination reveals bulbar conjunctival injection, mild eyelid edema, and a moderate mucopurulent discharge with crusts on the lower eyelid.
There is no corneal or eyelid ulceration.
No lymphadenopathy is noted.
He has no complaints.
His physician notes that he likely has an increased susceptibility to infections with certain organisms.
Apgar scores are 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
Cardiac examination in the delivery room shows a continuous machine-like murmur.
An echocardiogram shows a structure with blood flow between the pulmonary artery and the aorta.
The patient was noted as becoming more lethargic and confused over the past day, prompting his roommates to bring him in.
His temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 107/68 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, respirations are 17/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
She reports a 4-month history of progressively worsening difficulty breathing with associated occasional chest pain.
She is a long-distance runner but has had trouble running recently due to her breathing difficulties.
Her past medical history is notable for well-controlled hypertension for which she takes hydrochlorothiazide.
She had a tibial osteosarcoma lesion with pulmonary metastases as a child and successfully underwent chemotherapy and surgical resection.
She has a 10 pack-year smoking history but quit 15 years ago.
She drinks a glass of wine 3 times per week.
Her temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 140/85 mmHg, pulse is 82/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On exam, she has increased work of breathing with a normal S1 and loud P2.
He has also developed difficulty in swallowing and blurring of vision.
He also complains of significant dryness of his mouth and throat.
When asked about his diet, he reports that he has been saving money by eating dented and old canned goods.
On physical examination, his vital signs are stable.
His neurologic examination reveals bilateral fixed dilated pupils, weakness of extraocular muscles, and weak gag reflex, while sensations and gait are normal.
Laboratory evaluation of his stool isolates a toxin produced by gram-positive, anaerobic, spore-forming bacilli.
More recently, she also noticed involuntary head nodding movements.
The shaking seems to improve after having one or two glasses of wine.
Her father had similar symptoms starting at the age of 60.
Neurologic examination shows a symmetric hand tremor that worsens with voluntary movement of the respective extremity.
Her blood pressure is 88/56 mm Hg.
Examination shows crackles at both lung bases and an S3 gallop.
The extremities are cold to the touch.
Serum studies show a urea nitrogen concentration of 15 mg/dL, a creatinine concentration of 1.0 mg/dL, and a lactic acid concentration of 6.4 mmol/L (N < 2).
Arterial blood gas analysis on room air shows:
pH 7.27
pCO2 36 mm Hg
HCO3- 15 mEq/L
An ECG shows ST-segment elevation in the precordial leads.
Three weeks ago, she received a parrot as a birthday present.
Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F).
Pulmonary examination shows crackles at both lung bases.
Her leukocyte count is 8,000/mm3.
An x-ray of the chest shows diffuse patchy infiltrates that are most prominent in the lower lobes.
She says that this is the worst headache of her life and that it came on suddenly after she hit her head.
She says that she has also been experiencing visual problems with double vision when she looks to the left or the right.
Visual examination reveals that her right eye cannot move right past the midline and her left eye cannot move left past the midline.
The headaches are worse when he wakes up and are not accompanied by other symptoms.
The patient also reports trouble concentrating on daily tasks at work.
His wife has been complaining lately about his snoring during sleep, which he attributes to his chronic sinusitis.
He has a history of hypertension and an allergy to dust mites.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 14 years.
His pulse is 72/min and blood pressure is 150/95 mm Hg.
He is 178 cm (5 ft 10 in) tall and weighs 120 kg (265 lb); BMI is 37.9 kg/m2.
Neurological and cutaneous examination shows no abnormalities.
The patient states the pain started this morning and has been worsening steadily.
He decided to come to the emergency department when he began vomiting.
The patient has a past medical history of obesity, diabetes, alcohol abuse, and hypertension.
His current medications include captopril, insulin, metformin, sodium docusate, and ibuprofen.
His temperature is 104.0°F (40°C), blood pressure is 160/97 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Abdominal exam reveals left lower quadrant tenderness.
Cardiac exam reveals a crescendo systolic murmur heard best by the right upper sternal border.
Lab values are ordered and return as below.
The brother says that 2 days ago, the patient ate several large-capped mushrooms he had foraged in the woods.
After eating the mushrooms, he developed severe, bloody diarrhea that has since resolved.
His pulse is 140/min, respirations are 26/min, and blood pressure is 98/62 mm Hg.
Examination shows dry mucous membranes and tenderness to deep palpation in the right upper quadrant.
Serum studies show a serum AST concentration of 2335 U/L and ALT concentration of 2294 U/L.
Head CT is done in the emergency department and shows intracranial hemorrhage.
Upon arrival to the ED he is verbally non-responsive and withdraws only to pain.
He does not open his eyes.
He is transferred to the medical ICU for further management and intubated for airway protection.
During his second day in the ICU, his blood pressure is measured as 91/54 mmHg and pulse is 120/min.
He is given fluids and antibiotics, but he progresses to renal failure and his mental status deteriorates.
The physicians in the ICU ask the patient’s family what his wishes are for end-of-life care.
His wife tells the team that she is durable power of attorney for the patient and provides appropriate documentation.
She mentions that he did not have a living will, but she believes that he would want care withdrawn in this situation, and therefore asks the team to withdraw care at this point.
The patient’s daughter vehemently disagrees and believes it is in the best interest of her father, the patient, to continue all care.
When asked about any changes in her life, she states that she lost her job about 6 months ago.
Since then, she has lived with her boyfriend who is also unemployed.
She frequently uses laxatives and takes some over the counter medications to help her sleep.
Her blood pressure is 129/87 mm Hg, respirations are 12/min, pulse is 58/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F).
Her physical exam is mostly benign.
Her pupils appear mildly constricted and she appears drowsy and subdued.
The physician suspects that the physical findings in this patient are caused by a substance she is likely abusing.
On further questioning, she revealed that she loves nature and goes on trekking to the woods frequently.
She just returned from a similar trip, 2 days ago.
On physical examination, a prominent rash along with multiple blisters is noted on the ventral aspect of her right forearm.
A photograph of the rash is shown.
The patient claims the pain is severe and is stopping him from skateboarding.
The patient recently recovered from a upper respiratory infection that he caught from his siblings but has otherwise been healthy.
The patient has a past medical history of obesity.
His temperature is 98.1°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 100/55 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 22/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On physical exam, you note an obese boy in no acute distress.
Cardiopulmonary exam is within normal limits.
Inspection of the hip reveals no abnormalities or swelling.
The hip exhibits a normal range of motion and physical exam only elicits minor pain.
The patient's gait appears normal and pain is elicited when the patient jumps or runs.
To identify the trait, polymerase chain reaction testing is performed on venous blood samples obtained from the infants.
She describes her stools as greasy, foul-smelling, and difficult to flush.
During this time she has had a 6-kg (13.2-lb) weight loss.
She has no personal or family history of serious illness.
Physical examination shows pallor and cheilitis.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 11 g/dL.
Serum concentrations of electrolytes, urea nitrogen, and creatinine are within the reference range.
Test of the stool for occult blood is negative and stool microscopy reveals no pathogens and no leukocytes.
Analysis of a 24-hour stool sample shows 12 g of fat.
The patient is asked to consume 25 g of d-xylose.
Five hours later, its concentration is measured in urine at 2 g (N = > 4 g/5 h).
The test is repeated after a two-week course of rifaximin, but the urinary concentration of d-xylose remains the same.
He says that his sputum is mostly yellow with tiny red specks.
He denies fever, chills, recent weight loss, or joint pain.
He has no history of recent travel or sick contacts.
His medical history is unremarkable.
He smokes a pack of cigarettes daily.
He has had 3 sexual partners in the past year.
His temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse is 98/min, and respirations are 20/min.
On physical examination, the patient is in mild respiratory distress.
Cardiopulmonary auscultation reveals diffuse bilateral rales.
An HIV test is negative.
An aerosol containing radio-labeled particles that are small enough to reach the alveoli is administered to the subjects via a non-rebreather mask.
A gamma scanner is then used to evaluate the rate of particle clearance from the lungs.
She feels well.
She does not note any contractions or fluid from her vagina.
Her third child was delivered spontaneously at 35 weeks' gestation; pregnancy and delivery of her other two children were uncomplicated.
Vital signs are normal.
The abdomen is nontender and no contractions are felt.
Pelvic examination shows a uterus consistent in size with a 34-weeks' gestation.
Ultrasonography shows the fetus in a breech presentation.
The fetal heart rate is 148/min.
Pregnancy was complicated by polyhydramnios diagnosed on ultrasonography at 26 weeks of gestation.
The baby is born vaginally weighing 1.2 kg (2.64 lb).
Because he does not cry immediately after birth, endotracheal intubation is attempted to secure the airway.
However, the vocal cords cannot be visualized because there is only a single opening corresponding to the esophagus.
He is transferred to the NICU under bag and mask ventilation, where intubation is attempted once again by passing the endotracheal tube in the visualized opening, after which his oxygen saturation begins to improve.
His temperature is 37.0ºC (98.6°F), pulse is 120/min, and respiratory rate is 42/min.
On physical examination, no abnormalities are noted.
Chest radiography is suggestive of respiratory distress syndrome.
Specifically, she says that she feels tired easily and has been cold even though she is wearing lots of layers.
Her medical history is significant for seasonal allergies but is otherwise unremarkable.
When prompted, she also says that she has a hard time swallowing food though she has no difficulty drinking liquids.
Physical exam reveals a midline mass in her neck.
The patient’s wife also reports that he has had difficulty forming sentences.
His wife adds that these symptoms were at their maximum within a few minutes of the incident and began to resolve almost instantaneously.
The patient says he had a related episode of painless visual loss in his left eye that resolved after about 10–20 minutes about 3 months ago.
His past medical history includes diabetes mellitus type 2 and essential hypertension.
The patient reports a 50 pack-year smoking history.
His blood pressure is 140/60 mm Hg, and his temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F).
Neurological examination is significant for a subtle weakness of the right hand.
A noncontrast CT scan of the head is unremarkable, and a carotid Doppler ultrasound shows 10% stenosis of the right internal carotid artery and 50% stenosis of the left internal carotid artery.
She was diagnosed with breast cancer 1 year ago when she presented with a hard, rock-like, immobile mass with irregular borders accompanied by changes in the breast skin, including erythema and dimpling.
She had ipsilateral mobile axillary lymphadenopathy at that time.
A biopsy confirmed the diagnosis of stage 2B invasive breast cancer.
Her mother died at 42 years of age due to the same type of breast cancer.
A CT scan done during this admission reveals multiple metastatic lesions in the brain and liver, along with the involvement of supra- and infra-clavicular lymph nodes.
When he holds the right nostril shut, he is unable to breathe nasally and his sense of smell is reduced.
He has a 6-year history of asthma, which is well controlled with inhaled albuterol.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Nasal inspection shows a pink, lobulated mass filling the left nasal cavity.
The septum is deviated to the right side.
The mass bleeds on touch.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He has had similar episodes in the past that resolved within 20 minutes, but they have been worsening since he started training for his first marathon 1 month ago.
Ten years ago, he was treated for streptococcal pharyngitis with a 10-day course of penicillin.
His maternal uncle passed away unexpectedly from a heart condition at age 40.
He is 180 cm (5 ft 11 in) tall and weighs 85 kg (187 lb); BMI is 26.2 kg/m2.
His temperature is 36.5°C (97.7°F), pulse is 70/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 132/60 mm Hg.
On examination, there is a decrescendo early diastolic murmur heard best along the left sternal border.
His head slightly bobs about every second.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He feels well.
He goes for a 30-minute walk three times a week and does not experience any shortness of breath or chest or leg pain on exertion.
He has not had any weakness, numbness, or vision disturbance.
He has diabetes that is well controlled with insulin injections.
He had smoked one pack of cigarettes every day for 40 years but quit 5 years ago.
He appears healthy and well nourished.
His temperature is 36.3°C (97.3°F), pulse is 75/min, and blood pressure is 136/78 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows normal heart sounds.
There are systolic bruits over the neck bilaterally.
Physical and neurologic examinations show no other abnormalities.
Fasting serum studies show:
Total cholesterol 210 mg/dL
HDL cholesterol 28 mg/dL
LDL cholesterol 154 mg/dL
Triglycerides 140 mg/dL
Glucose 102 mg/dL
Duplex ultrasonography of the carotid arteries shows a 85% stenosis on the left and a 55% stenosis on the right side.
Her husband is with her and recalls seeing pills beside her when he was in the bathroom.
He reveals she has a past medical history of depression and was recently given a prescription for smoking cessation.
On physical exam, you notice a right-sided scalp hematoma and a deep laceration to her tongue.
She has a poor EEG waveform indicating limited to no cerebral blood flow and failed both her apnea test and reflexes.
She is found to be in a persistent vegetative state, and the health care team starts to initiate the end of life discussion.
The husband states that the patient had no advance directives other than to have told her husband she did not want to be kept alive with machines.
The parents want all heroic measures to be taken.
The rash initially started in the antecubital and popliteal fossae and then spread to her trunk and distal extremities.
One week ago, she was diagnosed with acute sinusitis and was started on amoxicillin.
She has no history of adverse drug reactions and immunizations are up-to-date.
Her temperature is 37.5°C (99.5°F), pulse is 90/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows periorbital edema and multiple erythematous, annular plaques of variable sizes over her entire body.
One of the lesions in the right popliteal fossa has an area of central clearing and the patient's mother reports that it has been present for over 24 hours.
Urinalysis is normal.
When asked, the patient states that his left knee hurts.
He is afebrile and vital signs are stable.
The patient is well nourished and meeting all developmental milestones.
On physical examination, the knee has a full range of motion; however, passive motion elicits pain in the left hip.
An X-ray is performed and reveals a flattened left femoral head.
The patient reports a productive yellow/green cough that is worse at night.
He denies any significant precipitating event prior to his symptoms.
He denies fever, chest pain, palpitations, weight changes, or abdominal pain, but endorses some difficulty breathing that waxes and wanes.
He denies alcohol usage but endorses a 35 pack-year smoking history.
A physical examination demonstrates mild wheezes, bibasilar crackles, and mild clubbing of his fingertips.
He notes that he has been having difficulty with his job as a waiter because he often falls asleep suddenly during the day.
He also experiences a sensation of dreaming as he goes to sleep even though he still feels awake.
He sleeps about 10 hours per day and still feels tired throughout the day.
The patient has even reported driving into a tree once as he fell asleep while driving.
The patient often stays up late at night working on the computer.
Physical exam demonstrates an obese young man who appears tired.
His oropharynx demonstrates high palatal ridges and good dental hygiene.
She states that she feels well and has no current complaints.
The patient recently started seeing a specialist for treatment for another medical condition but otherwise has had no medical problems.
The patient lives alone and drinks 2 alcoholic beverages every night.
She has had 3 sexual partners in her lifetime, uses oral contraceptive pills for contraception, and has never been pregnant.
Physical exam reveals a pleasant, obese woman with normal S1 and S2 on cardiac exam.
Musculoskeletal exam reveals swelling of the MCP and PIP joints of the hands as well as ulnar deviation of the fingers.
She has had a groin swelling that worsens with standing, coughing, and straining for the past 3 months.
Her pulse is 120/min.
Examination shows pallor; there is swelling, erythema, and tenderness to palpation of the right groin that is centered below the inguinal ligament.
She says her symptoms started about 6-months ago.
Around this time, she recalls moving into her new house with her husband and children.
She had to quit her job to relocate and says she is having difficulty maintaining a clean and happy household.
She admits to being stressed most of the time.
She was previously in good health.
No significant past medical history.
The patient is afebrile and vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination reveals patchy red, scaly skin on both hands.
Upon further questioning, the patient admits to having to continuously wash her hands because she has this irrational idea that her hands are dirty.
She tries her best to ignore these thoughts but eventually succumbs to wash her hands over and over to ease the anxiety.
The mother did not receive prenatal care.
She traveled to Brazil to visit relatives during the first trimester of her pregnancy.
She has bipolar disorder treated with lithium.
The newborn is at the 50th percentile for height, 25th percentile for weight, and 2nd percentile for head circumference.
Neurologic examination shows spasticity of the upper and lower extremities.
The wrists are fixed in flexion bilaterally.
Deep tendon reflexes are 4+ and symmetric.
Ophthalmoscopic examination shows focal pigmentary retinal mottling.
Testing for otoacoustic emissions is negative.
She has also noticed that her cheeks appear fuller and her voice has become hoarse.
Her temperature is 36.3°C (97.3°F) and pulse is 59/min.
Examination of the neck shows a painless, mildly enlarged thyroid gland.
Her skin is dry and cool and her nails appear brittle.
Serum studies show antibodies against thyroid peroxidase.
Since the acute onset of symptoms 3 days ago, there has been no improvement.
She describes the pain as moderate, sharp and burning in character, non-radiating, and localized to the suprapubic region.
She also has noted some mild urinary frequency and urgency for the past 5 days, which has been getting progressively worse.
She denies any flank pain, fever, chills, night sweats, dysuria, or pain on urination.
The patient has a history of an abdominal leiomyosarcoma, which was diagnosed 6 months ago.
The course of her disease is complicated by hepatic metastases, for which she recently started receiving a new therapy.
The patient reports a 15-pack-year smoking history, but no alcohol or recreational drug use.
Her temperature is 37.0℃ (98.6℉), pulse is 84/min, respiratory rate is 18/min, and blood pressure is 110/75 mm Hg.
On physical examination, there is some mild suprapubic tenderness to palpation.
The remainder of the exam is unremarkable.
Laboratory findings include a mild leukopenia of 3,000/mm3.
A urine dipstick reveals 3+ blood.
His parents report that he has been reluctant to walk recently because of the pain in his legs.
Examination shows conjunctival pallor and diffuse petechiae.
There are palpable, nontender posterior cervical and axillary lymph nodes.
His hemoglobin concentration is 8.9 g/dL, leukocyte count is 45,750/mm3, and platelet count is 25,000/mm3.
A bone marrow aspiration shows numerous immature cells that stain positive for CD10, CD19, and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase (TdT).
He was diagnosed with HIV infection 15 years ago and has not been compliant with his medication regimen.
Physical examination shows diminished breath sounds over the left lung fields.
An x-ray of the chest shows an ill-defined lesion in the upper lobe of the left lung.
A CT-guided biopsy of the lesion is performed; a photomicrograph of the biopsy specimen stained with mucicarmine is shown.
He continuously moves his legs to provide him with partial relief from the unpleasant feelings in his legs.
The symptoms are especially severe during the night or while lying down in bed after returning from work.
These symptoms occur 3–5 days per week.
He also complains of significant daytime fatigue and sleep disturbances on most days of the week.
He is advised to take a polysomnography test, which reveals periodic limb movements (PLMs) during his sleep.
She has had similar episodes in the past.
Her father underwent a splenectomy during adolescence.
Physical examination shows mild splenomegaly.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 10.1 g/dL
WBC count 7200/mm3
Mean corpuscular volume 81 μm3
Mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration 41% Hb/cell
Platelet count 250,000/mm3
Red cell distribution width 16% (N=13%–15%)
Reticulocytes 11%
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate 10 mm/h
Serum
Na+ 139 mEq/L
K+ 4.2 mEq/L
Cl- 100 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 16 mg/dL
A peripheral blood smear shows red blood cells that appear round, smaller, and without central pallor.
He is a former 50 pack-year smoker and has previously had deep venous thrombosis.
Furthermore, he previously had a lobe of the lung removed due to lung cancer.
Finally, he has a family history of a progressive restrictive lung disease.
He describes trouble falling asleep at night, decreased appetite, and recent feelings of intense guilt regarding the state of his personal relationships.
He says that everything "feels slower" than it used to.
He endorses having a similar four-week period of feeling this way last year.
He denies thoughts of self-harm or harm of others.
He also denies racing thoughts or delusions of grandeur.
The patient was brought in with his airway intact, vitals stable, and with a C-collar on.
Physical exam is notable for bruising over the patient’s head and a confused man with a Glasgow coma scale of 11.
It is noticed that the patient has a very irregular pattern of breathing.
Repeat vitals demonstrate his temperature is 97.5°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 172/102 mmHg, pulse is 55/min, respirations are 22/min and irregular, and oxygen saturation is 94% on room air.
A detailed history reveals no prior medical or surgical history, and she appears to be in good health currently.
Her vaccination history is up-to-date.
She denies tobacco or recreational drug use and admits to drinking 2 glasses of wine per week.
She states that she is looking to start trying to become pregnant within the next month, hopefully by the end of January.
The pain is located in the upper half of the abdomen, is severe in intensity, and has an acute onset.
She claims to have consumed a dozen alcoholic drinks.
Her past medical history is unremarkable.
She has recently completed an extremely low-calorie diet which resulted in her losing 10 kg (22 lb) of body weight.
Her pulse is 130/min, respirations are 26/min, and blood pressure is 130/86 mm Hg.
Examination reveals a visibly distressed young female with periumbilical tenderness.
Her BMI is 23 kg/m2.
Past medical history is significant for asthma, untreated because he doesn't like using medications.
The patient says he is a non-smoker and occasionally drinks alcohol.
On physical examination, his temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), pulse rate is 120/min, blood pressure is 114/76 mm Hg, and respiratory rate is 32/min.
Auscultation of the chest reveals bilateral wheezing.
Nebulized ipratropium bromide results in significant clinical improvement.
a study that combines elements of both prospective and retrospective cohort studies) was designed in order to evaluate the relationship between nasal colonization with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and exposure to patients in intensive-care units of several tertiary hospital centers.
The sample included 1,000 physicians who worked in the hospital environment and who willingly underwent swabbing of their nasal vestibule and nasopharynx for active surveillance.
Data of their working location was obtained from hospital administrative services.
Of those who worked in the intensive care unit, 350 were colonized with MRSA, while 250 were not.
Whereas in those that worked in other hospital wards, 100 were colonized with MRSA, and 300 were not.
The patient states he has had gradually worsening abdominal distension with undulating pain, nausea, and vomiting for the past several months.
The patient does not see a physician typically and has no known past medical history.
He works as a farmer and interacts with livestock and also breeds dogs.
His temperature is 98.7°F (37.1°C), blood pressure is 159/90 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for mild abdominal distension and discomfort to palpation of the upper abdominal quadrants.
Laboratory values are ordered and are notable for a mild eosinophilia.
A CT scan of the abdomen demonstrates multiple small eggshell calcifications within the right lobe of the liver.
On exam, you note significant peripheral edema.
Transthoracic echocardiogram is performed and reveals a preserved ejection fraction with impaired diastolic relaxation.
A representative still image is shown in Image A.
After 5 days without food, he suffers a seizure for which he is taken into a medical facility.
On physical examination, he looks pale and diaphoretic.
His blood glucose level is 50 mg/dL.
He worked as a shipbuilder for 45 years and is now retired.
Since the death of his wife 2 years ago, he has lived with his daughter.
He has never smoked.
His temperature is 38.1°C (100.6°F), pulse is 85/min, and blood pressure is 134/82 mm Hg.
Fine, end-inspiratory rales are heard at the left lung base; breath sounds are absent at the right lung base.
A CT scan of the chest shows pleural thickening and a right hemothorax.
Thoracocentesis confirms the diagnosis of mesothelioma.
The patient and his family are informed about the poor prognosis of this condition and that the mean survival time is 1 year.
The patient states that he wishes to receive radiation.
He would also like to receive home hospice care but is unsure whether his health insurance would cover the costs.
The patient's son, who has been assigned power of attorney, does not agree with this decision.
The patient does not have a living will but states that if his heart stops beating, he wants to receive cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
He has also been experiencing intermittent diarrhea and skin abscesses since birth.
Otherwise, he has been meeting developmental milestones as expected.
Analysis of this patient's sputum reveals acute angle branching fungi, and culture shows gram-positive cocci in clusters.
A flow cytometry reduction test was obtained that confirmed the diagnosis.
Specifically, since childhood he has had difficulty breathing requiring bronchodilators, inhaled corticosteroids, and chest physiotherapy.
He has also had diarrhea and malabsorption requiring enzyme replacement therapy.
The study enrolled a total of 3,000 subjects, 1,500 in each study arm.
Follow-up was conducted at 45 days post-MI.
The following are the results of the trial:
Endpoints Medication 1 Medication 2 P-Value
Primary: death from cardiac causes 134 210 0.03
Secondary: hyperkalemia 57 70 0.4
What is the relative risk of death from a cardiac cause?
He currently opens his eyes to voice, localizes painful stimuli, responds when asked questions, but is disoriented and cannot obey commands.
The patient’s temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 86/52 mmHg, pulse is 88/min, and respirations are 14/min with an oxygen saturation of 97% O2 on room air.
Physical exam shows evidence of soot around the patient’s nose and mouth, but no burns, airway obstruction, nor accessory muscle use.
A blood lactate is 14 mmol/L.
The patient is started on intravenous fluids.
The pain occurs at rest, increases with walking, and is mildly improved by hanging the foot off the bed.
He has had hypertension for 25 years and type 2 diabetes mellitus for 30 years.
He has smoked 30–40 cigarettes per day for the past 45 years.
On examination, femoral, popliteal, and dorsalis pedis pulses are faint on both sides.
The patient’s foot is shown in the image.
Resting ankle-brachial index (ABI) is found to be 0.30.
Antiplatelet therapy and aggressive risk factors modifications are initiated.
The chest pain increases in intensity with lying down, and it radiates to the scapular ridge.
Approximately 3 weeks ago, he had an anterior ST-elevation myocardial infarction, which was treated with intravenous alteplase.
He was discharged home in a stable condition.
Current vital signs include a temperature of 38.1 (100.5°F), blood pressure of 131/91 mm Hg, and pulse of 99/min.
On examination, heart sounds are distant and a scratching sound is heard on the left sternal border.
ECG reveals widespread concave ST elevations in the precordial leads and PR depressions in leads V2-V6.
She has no shortness of breath or chest discomfort.
Her pulse is 112/min and respirations are 30/min.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 98%.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
An x-ray of the chest shows the battery lodged in the esophagus at the level of T2.
The patient’s mother reports that the patient was eating well until about one week ago, when he began vomiting after breastfeeding.
His mother has tried increasing the frequency of feeds and decreasing the amount of each feed, but the vomiting seems to be getting worse.
The patient now vomits after every feed.
His mother states the vomitus looks like breastmilk.
The patient’s mother is exclusively breastfeeding and would prefer not to switch to formula but worries that the patient is not getting the nutrition he needs.
Two weeks ago, the patient was in the 75th percentile for weight and 70th for height.
He is now in the 60th percentile for weight and 68th percentile for height.
On physical exam, the patient has dry mucous membranes.
His abdomen is soft and non-distended.
His medical history is relevant for hypertension, active tobacco use, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and BPH with multiple urinary tract infections.
Upon admission, he is found with a heart rate of 130/min, respiratory rate of 19/min, body temperature of 39.0°C (102.2°F), and blood pressure of 80/50 mm Hg.
Additional findings during the physical examination include decreased breath sounds, wheezes, crackles at the lung bases, and intense right flank pain.
A complete blood count shows leukocytosis and neutrophilia with a left shift.
A sample for arterial blood gas analysis (ABG) was taken, which is shown below.
Upon physical examination, his blood pressure is 100/68 mm Hg, heart rate is 120/min, respiratory rate is 23/min, and temperature is 36.4°C (97.5°F).
He is referred to the nearest hospital, where his systolic pressure drops below 90 mm Hg with an S3 gallop, and he needs inotropic support in the critical care unit.
A chest radiograph shows an enlarged heart, clear lungs, and effacement of the right costodiaphragmatic angle.
A subsequent esophageal echocardiogram reveals severe dilation of all heart cavities, an ejection fraction of 23%, and mitral regurgitation.
His family and personal history are unremarkable; therefore, an endomyocardial biopsy (EMB) is ordered.
He has New York Heart Association class III heart failure.
His current medications include captopril 20 mg, furosemide 40 mg, potassium chloride 10 mg twice daily, rosuvastatin 20 mg, and aspirin 81 mg.
He reports that he generally feels well and has not had any recent worsening of his symptoms.
His blood pressure is 132/85 mm Hg and heart rate is 84/min.
Physical examination is unremarkable except for trace pitting edema of the bilateral lower extremities.
Eight months ago she had a spontaneous abortion at 10 weeks' gestation.
Her pulse is 92/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 134/76 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows no tenderness or masses; bowel sounds are normal.
On pelvic examination, there is old blood in the vaginal vault and at the closed cervical os.
The uterus is larger than expected for the length of gestation and there are bilateral adnexal masses.
Serum β-hCG concentration is 120,000 mIU/ml.
She makes 4–5 business trips from California to China every month.
Her typical direct Los Angeles to Hong Kong flight leaves Los Angeles at 12:30 a.m. and reaches Hong Kong at 7:00 p.m. (local time) the next day.
She complains of difficulty falling asleep at night and feeling sleepy the next morning.
On arriving back in Los Angeles 2–3 days later, she feels extremely weak, has muscle soreness, and abdominal distension, all of which self-resolve in a few days.
She is otherwise healthy and does not take any medications.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
The mother reports that the vomiting is non-bilious and immediately follows feeding.
After vomiting, the baby is hungry and wants to feed again.
The frequency of vomiting has been increasing progressively over 2 weeks.
The vital signs are within normal limits.
The examination of the abdomen reveals the presence of a firm mass of approx.
2 cm in length, above and to the right of the umbilicus.
The mass is movable, olive-shaped, and hard on palpation.
A urine pregnancy test is performed which confirms she is pregnant.
She has mild bipolar disorder for which she takes lithium and admits that she has been taking it ‘on and off’ for 2 years now but has never had any symptoms or episodes of relapse.
His mother reports a two-day history of progressive shortness of breath, malaise, and a fever with a maximum temperature of 101.6°F (38.7°C).
The child has visited the emergency room three times over the past two years for pneumonia and otitis media.
His family history is notable for sarcoidosis in his mother, diabetes in his father, and an early childhood death in his maternal uncle.
His temperature is 101.2°F (38.4°C), blood pressure is 110/90 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 24/min.
Physical examination reveals scant lymphoid tissue.
A serological analysis reveals decreased levels of IgA, IgG, and IgM.
He was born at 36 weeks' gestation.
The mother has had no prenatal care.
His 6-year-old sister has a history of osteosarcoma.
He is exclusively breast fed.
He is at the 60th percentile for height and weight.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows inward deviation of the right eye.
Indirect ophthalmoscopy shows a white reflex in the right eye and a red reflex in the left eye.
The patient also presents with a 1-month history of abdominal pain, cramping, and bloody diarrhea consistent with worsening of her inflammatory bowel disease.
Past medical history is significant for Crohn’s disease diagnosed 2 years ago for which she currently takes an oral medication daily and intermittently receives intravenous medication she cannot recall the name of.
Her temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 120/90 mm Hg, pulse is 68/min, respiratory rate is 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical examination reveals significant truncal weight gain.
The patient has excessive facial hair in addition to purplish striae on her abdomen.
The cough was initially nonproductive, but in the last few days he has coughed up small amounts of blood-tinged sputum with clots.
He has not had any fevers, chills, or weight loss.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 5 years.
Pulse is 115/min and blood pressure is 125/66 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows dried blood around the lips.
Serum studies show a creatinine of 2.9 mg/dL.
Results of a serum antineutrophil cytoplasm antibody test are negative.
He was found at the scene of the accident with a major injury to the anterior chest by a metallic object that was not removed during transport to the hospital.
The medical history could not be obtained.
His blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, pulse is 130/min, and respiratory rate is 40/min.
Evaluation upon arrival to the emergency department reveals a sharp metal object penetrating through the anterior chest to the right of the sternum at the 4th intercostal space.
The patient is taken to the operating room immediately, where it is shown the heart has sustained a major injury.
During this time, he has also had difficulty concentrating and remembering tasks at work as well as diminished interest in his hobbies.
He has no suicidal or homicidal ideation.
He does not have auditory or visual hallucinations.
Vital signs are normal.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Mental status examination shows a depressed mood and flat affect with slowed thinking and speech.
The physician prescribes sertraline.
Three weeks later, the patient comes to the physician again with only minor improvements in his symptoms.
His pain increases with breathing and is localized to the right.
He has tried over-the-counter medications at home, but they did not help.
The patient has a 20-pack-year smoking history and currently smokes 2 pack of cigarettes daily, and he drinks 3 to 4 cans of beer daily before dinner.
His temperature is 39.1°C (102.3°F), blood pressure is 127/85 mm Hg, pulse is 109/min, and respirations are 20/min.
Respiratory examination shows dullness to percussion from the 7th rib inferiorly at the right midaxillary line, decreased vocal tactile fremitus, and diminished breath sounds in the same area.
Chest radiograph is shown in the image.
The patient is prepared for thoracocentesis.
The mother reports that over the past 6 months, her daughter has had frequent mood swings.
Sometimes, she is irritable for several days and loses her temper easily.
In between these episodes, she behaves “normal,” spends time with her friends, and participates in gymnastics training twice a week.
The mother has also noticed that her daughter needs more time than usual to get ready for school.
Sometimes, she puts on excessive make-up.
One month ago, her teacher had informed the parents that their daughter had skipped school and was seen at the local mall with one of her classmates instead.
The patient reports that she often feels tired, especially when she has to wake up early for school.
On the weekends, she sleeps until 1 pm.
Menses have occurred at 15- to 45-day intervals since menarche at the age of 12 years; they are not associated with abdominal discomfort or functional impairment.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
She has a history of occasional, mild headaches in the morning.
There is no other history of serious illness.
Both her father and her paternal grandmother died of chronic kidney disease.
Her temperature is 37.2°C (99.1°F) and blood pressure is 145/90 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows neck stiffness.
When her hip is flexed, she is unable to fully extend her knee because of pain.
Lumbar puncture performed 12 hours after headache onset yields 10 mL of yellow-colored fluid with no leukocytes.
He has a significant medical history of hypertension, coronary artery disease, and diabetes mellitus.
He has a prescription for losartan, atenolol, and metformin.
The blood pressure is 178/100 mm Hg, the heart rate is 92/min, and the respiratory rate is 16/min.
The physical examination is positive for a grade II holosystolic murmur at the left sternal border.
He also has diminished sensation in his toes.
Apgar scores were 7 and 8 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
Pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.
His temperature is 36.9°C (98.4°F), pulse is 155/min and respirations are 72/min.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 88%.
Grunting and moderate intercostal and subcostal retractions are present.
Diffuse crackles are heard on auscultation of the chest.
An x-ray of the chest shows increased lung volume and fluid within the interlobar fissures.
She developed these symptoms gradually over the past month.
She does not report any trauma to her extremities, neck, or spine.
The physical examination shows a normal range of motion of the neck, spine, and extremities.
On neurologic examination, the patient has 2+ biceps and triceps reflexes.
She has decreased pressure and temperature sensitivity over the palmar surface of the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd fingers.
Wrist flexion and tapping the skin over the flexor retinaculum trigger exacerbation of the symptoms.
She complains of chills and myalgias, and physical examination reveals a petechial rash.
Petechial biopsy reveals a Gram-negative diplococcus.
He received a bare metal stent and has now stabilized.
However, shortly after being transferred, he reports palpitations.
EKG reveals ventricular tachycardia.
Your attending wishes to start an anti-arrhythmic drug with a high selectivity for ischemic cardiac myocytes.
Five weeks ago, she was diagnosed with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy and treatment with lamotrigine was begun.
Her immunizations are up-to-date.
Her temperature is 38.8°C (101.8°F).
Physical examination shows facial edema and a partially confluent morbilliform rash over the face, trunk, and extremities.
There is swelling of the cervical and inguinal lymph nodes and hepatomegaly.
The patient’s parents have noted that he often will “shake his hands” abnormally at times and does so on his own without provocation.
This has persisted for the past year.
Additionally, the child has made loud grunting sounds in school that disturb the other students and the teacher.
The patient has a past medical history of asthma and atopic dermatitis, and his current medications include ibuprofen, albuterol, and topical corticosteroids during flares.
On physical exam, you note an active young child who is playing with toys in the office.
You observe the grunting sounds he makes at this office visit.
The child seems mistrustful, does not reply to your questions, and does not look you in the eyes.
His symptoms started about 2 weeks ago.
He denies smoking or alcohol use and his family history is noncontributory.
Today, his vital signs include a temperature of 36.8°C (98.2°F), blood pressure of 162/87 mm Hg, and a pulse of 85/min.
On physical examination, he is jaundiced and there is hepatosplenomegaly and 2+ lower extremity edema up to the mid-thigh.
She describes the pain as stinging, burning, and constant.
It does not worsen with jaw movement or chewing.
Her past medical history includes hyperlipidemia and multiple sclerosis (MS), and she had chickenpox as a child but received a shingles vaccination last year.
Medications include simvastatin and glatiramer acetate.
The patient’s last MS flare was 5 weeks ago, at which time she received a prednisone burst with taper.
At this visit, her temperature is 99.9 °F (37.7°C), blood pressure is 139/87 mmHg, pulse is 82/min, and respirations are 14/min.
On exam, there is no rash or skin change on either side of the patient’s face.
Gentle palpation of the left cheek and mandible produce significant pain, but there is full range of motion in the jaw.
She has had three similar episodes over the last two years that have all self-resolved.
Genitourinary examination shows a small area of erythema with an overlying cluster of vesicles on the inside surface of the vulva.
For her experiment, she decides to cultivate primary oocytes just prior to ovulation and secondary oocytes just prior to fertilization.
She reports that she has episodes of “overheating” and “sweating” during the day and at night.
The nightly episodes keep her from staying asleep.
She also explains how embarrassing it is when she suddenly becomes hot and flushed during work meetings.
The patient becomes visibly upset and states that she is worried about her marriage as well.
Over the last 2 weeks, the pain has increased to an extent that he can no longer tolerate clothing on the affected area.
Three months ago, he had a rash around his right nipple and axilla that resolved a week later.
The patient had a myocardial infarction 2 years ago.
He has smoked one packs of cigarettes daily for 47 years.
Current medications include aspirin, simvastatin, metoprolol, and ramipril.
His temperature is 36.9°C (97.9°F), pulse is 92/min, and blood pressure is 150/95 mm Hg.
Examination shows increased sensation to light touch over the right chest.
The remainder of the physical examination shows no abnormalities.
She says she has had this cough for about 11 years with exacerbations similar to her presentation today.
She also reports that her cough is worse in the morning.
She was evaluated multiple times in the past because of recurrent bouts of bronchitis that have required treatment with antibiotics.
She is a non-smoker.
On physical examination, the blood pressure is 125/78 mm Hg, pulse rate is 80/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F).
Chest auscultation reveals crackles and wheezing over the right middle lobe and the rest of her physical examinations are normal.
The chest X-ray shows irregular opacities in the right middle lobe and diffuse airway thickening.
She is also concerned about painful genital lesions.
Past medical history is noncontributory.
She takes oral contraceptives and a multivitamin daily.
She has had two male sexual partners in her lifetime and uses condoms inconsistently.
She admits to being sexually active with 2 partners in the last 3 months and only using condoms on occasion.
Today, her vitals are normal.
On pelvic exam, there are red-rimmed, fluid-filled blisters over the labia minora (as seen in the photograph below) with swollen and tender inguinal lymph nodes.
The symptoms began suddenly after having intercourse with her partner six hours ago.
There is no associated fever, diarrhea, vaginal bleeding, or discharge.
Menarche was at the age of 13 years and her last menstrual period was 4 weeks ago.
She uses combination contraceptive pills.
She had an appendectomy at the age of 12.
Her temperature is 37.5°C (99.5°F), pulse is 100/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows severe right lower quadrant tenderness with associated rebound and guarding.
Pelvic examination shows scant, clear vaginal discharge and right adnexal tenderness.
There is no cervical wall motion tenderness.
Her hemoglobin concentration is 10.5 g/dL, leukocyte count is 9,000/mm3, and platelet count is 250,000/mm3.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
There is a positive family history of Hodgkin lymphoma and hyperthyroidism.
Her blood pressure is 100/65 mm Hg, pulse rate is 60/min, and respiratory rate is 17/min.
Her weight is 41 kg and height is 165 cm.
On physical examination, the patient is ill-appearing.
Her skin is dry, and there are several patches of thin hair on her arm.
No parotid gland enlargement is noted and her knuckles show no signs of trauma.
She has had similar symptoms in the past.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
The left eye is red and is hard on palpation.
The left pupil is mid-dilated and nonreactive to light.
The surgery was without complication and peripheral pulses were weakly palpable postprocedure.
She has type 2 diabetes mellitus, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia.
Prior to admission, her medications included insulin, enalapril, carvedilol, aspirin, and rosuvastatin.
She appears uncomfortable.
Her temperature is 37.1°C (99.3°F), pulse is 98/min, and blood pressure is 132/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows a left groin surgical incision.
The left lower extremity is swollen, stiff, and tender on palpation.
Dorsiflexion of her left foot causes severe pain in her calf.
Femoral pulses are palpated bilaterally.
Pedal pulses are weaker on the left side as compared to the right side.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 12.1
Leukocyte count 11,300/mm3
Platelet count 189,000/mm3
Serum
Glucose 222 mg/dL
Creatinine 1.1 mg/dL
Urinalysis is within normal limits.
A committee is formed to investigate this outbreak.
They are tasked with identifying the patients and interviewing the care providers to understand how adenovirus could have been spread from patient to patient.
This committee will review charts, talk to the care provider teams, and investigate current patient safety and sanitation measures in the ICU.
The goal of the committee is to identify weaknesses in the current system and to put in place a plan to help prevent this sort of outbreak from reoccurring in the future.
His mother reports that he has had several episodes of painful swelling of his fingers during infancy that resolved with pain medication.
His immunization status is unknown.
His temperature is 39.8°C (103.6°F).
Examination shows pale conjunctivae and yellow sclerae.
There are decreased breath sounds and inspiratory crackles over the left lower lung fields.
His hemoglobin concentration is 7 g/dL.
Blood cultures grow optochin-sensitive, gram-positive diplococci.
The daughter noticed that he has gradually become more forgetful and withdrawn over the last year.
He frequently misplaces his car keys and forgets the names of his neighbors, whom he has known for 30 years.
He has difficulty recalling his address and telephone number.
He recently had an episode of urinary and fecal incontinence.
Last week, his neighbor found him wandering the parking lot of the grocery store.
He has hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
He had smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 40 years but quit 18 years ago.
His current medications include hydrochlorothiazide and atorvastatin.
He appears healthy; BMI is 23 kg/m2.
His temperature is 37.2°C (99.0°F), pulse is 86/min, respirations are 14/min, and blood pressure is 136/84 mm Hg.
Mini-mental state examination score is 19/30.
He is not bothered by his forgetfulness.
Cranial nerves II–XII are intact.
He has 5/5 strength and full sensation to light touch in all extremities.
His patellar, Achilles, and biceps reflexes are 2+ bilaterally.
His gait is steady.
MRI scan of the brain shows ventriculomegaly and prominent cerebral sulci.
He has never smoked.
His pulse is 75/min, blood pressure is 130/65 mm Hg, and respirations are 25/min.
Examination shows an increased anteroposterior diameter of the chest.
Diminished breath sounds and wheezing are heard on auscultation of the chest.
An x-ray of the chest shows widened intercostal spaces, a flattened diaphragm, and basilar-predominant bullous changes of the lungs.
He reports feeling well with no changes to since starting his new blood pressure medication 1 week ago.
His past medical history is noncontributory.
Besides his blood pressure medication, he takes atorvastatin and a daily multivitamin.
The patient reports a 25-pack-year smoking history and is a social drinker on weekends.
Today his physical exam is normal.
Vital signs and laboratory results are provided in the table.
Laboratory test
2 weeks ago Today
Blood pressure 159/87 mm Hg Blood pressure 164/90 mm Hg
Heart rate 90/min Heart rate 92/min
Sodium 140 mE/L Sodium 142 mE/L
Potassium 3.1 mE/L Potassium 4.3 mE/L
Chloride 105 mE/L Chloride 103 mE/L
Carbon dioxide 23 mE/L Carbon dioxide 22 mE/L
BUN 15 mg/dL BUN 22 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.80 mg/dL Creatinine 1.8 mg/dL
Magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) shows a bilateral narrowing of renal arteries.
His current medication regimen includes a beta blocker, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, and a statin.
You review his recent lab work and note that despite being on a maximum statin dose, his LDL cholesterol remains elevated.
You decide to prescribe another medication to improve his lipid profile.
One month later, you receive a telephone call from your patient; he complains of turning bright red and feeling "scorching hot" every time he takes his medications.
He was born at term and the pregnancy was uncomplicated.
His mother says he has been feeding well and passing adequate amounts of urine.
He appears healthy.
He is at the 60th percentile for length and 40th percentile for weight.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 130/min, respirations are 49/min and blood pressure is 62/40 mm Hg.
A thrill is present over the third left intercostal space.
A 5/6 holosystolic murmur is heard over the left lower sternal border.
An echocardiography shows a 3-mm membranous ventricular septal defect.
The patient describes the pain as located in the middle of his chest, tearing in quality, and radiating to his back.
He has a history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for the past 30 years.
He drinks 2–3 beers daily.
He used cocaine in his 30s, but he has not used any illicit drugs for the past 15 years.
Medications include enalapril, atorvastatin, and metformin.
He says that he has not been taking his medications on a regular basis.
He is 174 cm (5 ft 9 in) tall and weighs 98 kg (216 lb); BMI is 32 kg/m2.
His pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg in his right arm and 180/100 mm Hg in his left arm.
Cardiac examination shows a high-pitched, blowing, decrescendo early diastolic murmur.
An ECG shows no abnormalities.
An x-ray of the chest shows a widened mediastinum.
His mother states that she has started to notice that he is slurring his speech and seems to be falling more than normal.
On exam, the pediatrician observes the boy has pes cavus, hammer toes, and kyposcoliosis.
Based on these findings, the pediatrician is concerned the child has a trinucleotide repeat disease.
Her symptoms started yesterday, and since then she has felt sweaty and generally uncomfortable.
The patient’s past medical history is unremarkable except for a recent viral respiratory infection which resolved on its own.
The patient is not currently on any medications.
Her temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 127/68 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, respirations are 14/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
On physical exam, you see a sweaty and uncomfortable woman who has a rapid pulse.
The patient demonstrates no abnormalities on HEENT exam.
The patient’s laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
Hemoglobin: 12 g/dL
Hematocrit: 36%
Leukocyte count: 8,500/mm^3 with normal differential
Platelet count: 195,000/mm^3

Serum:
Na+: 139 mEq/L
Cl-: 102 mEq/L
K+: 4.4 mEq/L
HCO3-: 24 mEq/L
BUN: 20 mg/dL
Glucose: 99 mg/dL
Creatinine: 1.0 mg/dL
Ca2+: 10.2 mg/dL
TSH: .03 mIU/L
AST: 12 U/L
ALT: 10 U/L

The patient is prescribed propranolol and proplythiouracil.
She returns 1 week later complaining of severe fatigue.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
She describes these thoughts as gory images of violent people entering her flat with criminal intent.
She has had tremors and palpitations while experiencing these thoughts and must get up twenty to thirty times at night to check that the door and windows have been locked.
She says that neither the thoughts nor her actions are consistent with her “normal self”.
She has a history of general anxiety disorder and major depressive disorder.
She drinks 1–2 alcoholic beverages weekly and does not smoke or use illicit drugs.
She takes no medications.
She appears healthy and well nourished.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
On mental status examination, she is calm, alert and oriented to person, place, and time.
She describes her mood as ""good.
""; her speech is organized, logical, and coherent.
He says that last week he experienced fevers, chills, fatigue, and myalgias but assumed that he simply had a cold.
The symptoms went away after 3 days and he felt fine for several days afterward until he started experiencing shortness of breath even at rest.
He works as an exterminator and recently had a job in a rodent infested home.
Physical exam reveals a thin, tachypneic man with diffuse rales bilaterally.
She underwent surgery for a hip fracture 3 weeks ago.
Her pulse is 110/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 112/74 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 92%.
The lungs are clear to auscultation and there is no jugular venous distention.
A ventilation and perfusion scan shows a small perfusion defect in the left lower lung.
They admit that alcohol was present at the party.
The patient's blood pressure is 118/78 mm Hg, pulse is 40/min, respiratory rate is 16/min, and temperature is 36.7°C (98.1°F).
On physical examination, she is unresponsive to verbal commands but does respond to noxious stimuli.
Her pupils are pinpoint and her mucous membranes are moist.
Her heart is bradycardic without murmurs, and her respiratory rate is slowed but clear to auscultation.
Recently, she also notes occasional edema of the face.
She has no significant past medical history or current medications.
The patient is afebrile and the rest of the vital signs include: blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg, heart rate is 61/min, respiratory rate is 14/min, and temperature is 36.6°C (97.8°F).
The BMI is 35.2 kg/m2.
On physical exam, there is 2+ pitting edema of the lower extremities and 1+ edema in the face.
There is generalized increased deposition of adipose tissue present that is worse in the posterior neck, upper back, and shoulders.
There is hyperpigmentation of the axilla and inguinal areas.
His mother is concerned about her son’s irritability and vomiting, particularly after breastfeeding him.
The infant was born at 39 weeks via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
His initial physical was benign.
Today the newborn appears mildly jaundiced with palpable hepatomegaly, and his eyes appear cloudy, consistent with the development of cataracts.
The newborn is also in the lower weight-age percentile.
The physician considers a hereditary enzyme deficiency and orders blood work and a urinalysis to confirm his diagnosis.
He recommends that milk and foods high in galactose and/or lactose be eliminated from the diet.
He tells his physician that he is otherwise healthy, except for persistent headaches that he gets every morning.
Upon further questioning, he reveals that he has been changing glove sizes quite frequently over the past couple of years.
His wedding ring doesn’t fit him anymore.
He thought this was probably due to some extra weight that he has put on.
Vital signs include: blood pressure 160/90 mm Hg, heart rate 82/min, and respiratory rate 21/min.
His current physical appearance is cataloged in the image.
His past medical history is significant for diabetes for which he has been receiving treatment for the past 2 years.
Cardiac examination shows a scratchy sound best heard over the left sternal border.
He also has had a 4.5-kg (10-lb) weight loss over the past 3 months.
Abdominal examination shows diffuse tenderness.
Colonoscopy shows circumferential erythematous lesions that extend without interruption from the anal verge to the cecum.
A biopsy specimen taken from the rectum shows mucosal and submucosal inflammation with crypt abscesses.
During these episodes, the boy does not respond to verbal or physical stimulation, and his parents deny him falling down or shaking.
After the episode, the boy returns to his normal activity and is not confused.
The parents deny any history of head trauma, recent medication use, or infection.
Neurological exam is unremarkable.
His episode is precipitated as he blows at a pinwheel.
An EEG is performed, which shows 3-Hz spike and waveform.
Upon further questioning, the patient admits that he has recently been outgrowing his gloves and shoes and has had to purchase a new hat as well due to increased head size.
Upon exam, he is found to have new mild hypertension and on basic labs he is found to be hyperglycemic.
Patient reports that his hoarseness onset gradually approximately 2 weeks ago and has steadily worsened.
He states that approximately 2 hours ago he had sudden onset chest pain which has not improved.
The patient describes the chest pain as severe, sharp in character, localized to the midline and radiating to the back.
Past medical history is significant for hypertension diagnosed 10 years previously, which was being managed medically, although patient admits he stopped taking his medication and has not been to his doctor in the last couple of years.
No current medications.
Patient admits to a 20-pack-year smoking history.
Vital signs are temperature 37 °C (98.6 °F), blood pressure 169/100 mm Hg, pulse 85/min, respiration rate 19/min, and oxygen saturation 98% on room air.
On physical exam, patient is diaphoretic and in distress.
Cardiac exam is significant for an early diastolic murmur.
Lungs are clear to auscultation.
Remainder of physical exam is normal.
While performing the exam, the patient suddenly grips his chest and has a syncopal episode.
He cannot be roused.
Repeat vital signs show blood pressure 85/50 mm Hg, pulse 145/min, respiration rate 25/min, and oxygen saturation 92% on room air.
Extremities are pale and cool.
Patient is intubated.
High flow supplemental oxygen and aggressive fluid resuscitation are initiated.
Type and crossmatch are ordered.
She says she missed 2 periods but assumed it was due to stress at work.
She has decided to continue with the pregnancy.
Her past medical history is significant for migraine headaches, seizures, and asthma.
She takes multiple medications for her condition.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
An ultrasound confirms a 9-week-old intrauterine pregnancy.
He was born at term.
The mother had no prenatal care and has a history of gonorrhea, which was treated 4 years ago.
The newborn is at the 50th percentile for head circumference, 60th percentile for length, and 55th percentile for weight.
His temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 152/min, and respirations are 51/min.
Examination shows an erythematous maculopapular rash and pustules with an erythematous base over the trunk and extremities, sparing the palms and soles.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
He also reports a new generalized rash.
Two weeks ago, he was diagnosed with pulmonary tuberculosis.
Current medications include isoniazid, pyrazinamide, rifampin, ethambutol, and pyridoxine.
His temperature is 38.3°C (100.9°F), pulse is 74/min, and blood pressure is 128/72 mm Hg.
Examination of the skin shows diffuse erythema with confluent papules.
There is no costovertebral angle tenderness.
The pain started in the right lower abdomen but has now progressed to diffuse abdominal pain.
Her temperature is 39.5°C (103.1°F).
Physical examination shows generalized abdominal tenderness with rebound, guarding, and decreased bowel sounds.
She is taken for an emergency exploratory laparoscopy, which shows a perforated appendix with an adjacent abscess and peritoneal inflammation.
Cultures from the abscess fluid grow catalase-producing, anaerobic, gram-negative rods that have the ability to grow in bile.
He also has decreased appetite and complains of abdominal pain located in the right upper quadrant.
The patient has not noticed any changes in stool or urine.
He emigrated from Malaysia to the United States one year prior.
Social history reveals that he smokes half a pack per day and has 5-7 drinks of alcohol per day.
The patient is up to date on all of his vaccinations.
Physical exam findings include mild jaundice as well as an enlarged liver edge that is tender to palpation.
Based on clinical suspicion, biomarker labs are sent and show polycythemia and an elevated alpha fetoprotein level but a normal CA 19-9 level.
Surface antigen for hepatitis B is negative.
Ultrasound reveals a normal sized gallbladder.
On arrival, he is alert and oriented.
His pulse is 112/min, respirations are 29/min, and blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg.
The pupils are equal and reactive to light.
There is a 3-cm laceration over the forehead and multiple bruises over the trunk.
The lungs are clear to auscultation.
Cardiac examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
The right knee is swollen and tender; range of motion is limited by pain.
Infusion of 0.9% saline is begun and intravenous acetaminophen is administered.
Two hours later, blood-tinged fluid spontaneously drains from both nostrils, and is made worse by leaning forward.
On a piece of gauze, it shows up as a rapidly-expanding clear ring of fluid surrounding blood.
During the past few months, the patient has had occasional headaches and mild abdominal pain, both of which were relieved with ibuprofen.
He has also had several episodes of heart palpitations.
He has no history of serious illness.
His mother and father both have hypertension.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for the past 10 years and drinks one glass of wine daily.
He occasionally smokes marijuana.
He appears pale.
His temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 103/min, and blood pressure is 164/102 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin 15.3 g/dL
Leukocyte count 7,900/mm3
Platelet count 223,000/mm3
Serum
Na+ 138 mEq/L
K+ 4.6 mEq/L
Cl- 103 mEq/L
Urea nitrogen 14 mg/dL
Glucose 90 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.9 mg/dL
Plasma metanephrines 1.2 nmol/L (N < 0.5 nmol/L)
Urine toxicology screening is positive for tetrahydrocannabinol (THC).
Renal doppler shows no abnormalities.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows a mass in the left adrenal gland.
Examination shows multiple tense blisters over the abdomen, anterior chest, and anterior and posterior aspects of the right upper extremity and right thigh.
On deroofing the blisters, the skin underneath is tender, mottled, and does not blanch with pressure.
The skin over the left thigh is tender, erythematous, and shows quick capillary refill after blanching with pressure.
He drinks large amounts of alcohol daily and occasionally uses illicit drugs.
He is lethargic and oriented only to person.
Physical examination shows jaundice, hepatomegaly, and scattered petechiae over the trunk and back.
Neurologic examination shows normal, reactive pupils and a flapping tremor when the wrists are extended.
He states that he has been feeling nauseous and extremely weak over the past few days.
He has several previous admissions for alcohol intoxication and uses heroin occasionally.
His temperature is 100.9°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 127/89 mmHg, and pulse is 101/min.
His physical examination is notable for palmar erythema, tender hepatomegaly, and gynecomastia.
She says that she has been in good health and has no complaints.
She has been in a steady monogamous relationship for the past year.
Physical examination was unremarkable.
Screening tests are performed and return positive for gonorrhea.
You treat her with an intramuscular injection of ceftriaxone and 7 day course of doxycycline.
He has no current complaints and has been compliant with his chronic medications.
His blood pressure is 132/87 mm Hg and his pulse is 75/min and regular.
On physical examination, you notice that he has xanthelasmas on both of his eyelids.
He currently uses a statin to lower his LDL but has not reached the LDL goal you have set for him.
You would like to add an additional medication for LDL control.
She says that she has been unable to comb her hair with her right hand since the surgery.
Physical examination shows shoulder asymmetry.
She is unable to abduct her right arm above 90 degrees.
When she pushes against a wall, there is protrusion of the medial aspect of the right scapula.
She has also had multiple episodes of lightheadedness while painting a mural for the past 2 weeks.
During these episodes, she was nauseated and had blurred vision.
Her symptoms resolved after she drank some juice.
She has hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypercholesterolemia.
Current medications include metformin, glipizide, enalapril, and atorvastatin.
She appears anxious.
Examination shows decreased radial and brachial pulses on the right upper extremity.
The skin over the right upper extremity is cooler than the left.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Neurologic examination shows no focal findings.
The colleague recently lost his wife to cancer and has been taking care of his 4 young children.
Following the death of his wife, the department chair offered him extended time off, but he declined.
Resident physicians have noted and discussed some recent changes in this colleague, such as missed clinic appointments, 2 intra-operative errors, and the smell of alcohol on his breath on 3 different occasions.
The symptoms are worse in the morning and improve with activity.
Physical examination shows swelling and warmth over the MCP and wrist joints in both hands.
An x-ray of the hands is shown.
She does not have any history of serious infection and is not currently taking any medication.
On physical exam, her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 120/78 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 21/min, and pulse oximetry is 98% on room air.
She has diffuse rhonchi bilaterally.
You decide to order a chest radiograph, shown in image A.
He does not have dysuria or flank pain.
He works in a factory that produces dyes.
Since an accident at work 5 years ago, he has had moderate hearing loss bilaterally.
He takes no medications.
He has smoked a pack of cigarettes daily for 29 years and drinks one alcoholic beverage daily.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
His urine is pink; urinalysis shows 80 RBC/hpf but no WBCs.
Cystoscopy shows a 3-cm mass in the bladder mucosa.
The mass is resected.
Pathologic examination shows an urothelial carcinoma with penetration into the muscular layer.
An x-ray of the chest and a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with contrast show a normal upper urinary tract and normal lymph nodes.
During the period, he has had fatigue, severe burning with urination, and increased urination.
The mother reports that his urine has red streaks and a “strange” odor.
He has taken acetaminophen twice a day for the past two days with no improvement in his symptoms.
He has had multiple ear infections in the past but has been healthy in the past year.
His immunizations are up-to-date.
He appears uncomfortable.
His temperature is 39°C (102.2°F).
Examination shows right-sided costovertebral angle tenderness.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 16,000/cm3 and an erythrocyte sedimentation rate of 40 mm/hr.
Urine dipstick shows leukocyte esterase and nitrites.
Urinalysis shows:
Blood 2+
Protein 2+
WBC 24/hpf
RBC 50/hpf
RBC casts none
WBC casts numerous
Granular casts none
Urine cultures are sent to the laboratory.
This is her first pregnancy, and she is currently at 33 weeks gestation.
She states that she has experienced diffuse swelling of her ankles and legs and is concerned that it is abnormal.
Otherwise, she has no concerns.
The patient has a past medical history of obesity and diabetes.
Her temperature is 98.5°F (36.9°C), blood pressure is 147/92 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 15/min, and oxygen saturation is 97% on room air.
Physical exam reveals bilateral edema of the lower extremities.
She lives in an assisted living facility and several of her neighbors have had similar symptoms.
She has hypertension treated with lisinopril.
She has not been vaccinated against influenza.
Her temperature is 38.9°C (102.2°F), pulse is 105/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 112/62 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 89%.
Her leukocyte count is 10,500/mm3, serum creatinine is 0.9 mg/dL, and serum procalcitonin level is 0.05 μg/L (N < 0.06).
An x-ray of the chest shows reticulonodular opacities in the lower lobes bilaterally.
Blood and sputum cultures are negative.
The patient is admitted to the hospital and empirical treatment with ceftriaxone and azithromycin is begun.
Two days after admission, her temperature is 37.6°C (99.7°F) and pulse oximetry shows an oxygen saturation of 96% on room air.
Her serum procalcitonin level is 0.04 μg/L.
He states that he is in good health but has had decreasing exercise tolerance and increased levels of shortness of breath over the past 5 years.
He believed that it was due to aging; he has not seen a doctor in 10 years.
On auscultation, you note an early diastolic decrescendo blowing murmur that radiates along the left sternal border.
She has had these symptoms on and off for the past year and can recall no clear exacerbating factor or time of day when her symptoms occur.
She has a perpetual sensation of fullness in her ear but otherwise has no symptoms currently.
Her temperature is 97.6°F (36.4°C), blood pressure is 122/77 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, respirations are 13/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Cardiopulmonary exam is unremarkable.
The patient's gait is stable.
Her body produces T cells that do not have IL-12 receptors on their surface, and she is noted to have impaired development of Th1 T-helper cells.
She states that at the end of the day she feels so fatigued and weak that she can hardly care for herself.
She currently feels this way.
The patient has had multiple illnesses recently and has been traveling, hiking, and camping.
Her temperature is 98.0°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 124/84 mmHg, pulse is 82/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for 2/5 strength of the upper extremities and 4/5 strength of the lower extremities.
Visual exam is notable for mild diplopia.
He has had no recent travel or chemical exposures; however, three other members of his family also arrived concurrently to the ED with abdominal cramps, nausea, and vomiting.
When asked about their recent activities, they recall that they had shared a lunch of leftover fried rice and soft boiled eggs about 5 hours earlier.
The patients are otherwise afebrile and deny any history of diarrhea.
Immediately after the delivery of the placenta, she experiences profuse vaginal hemorrhage.
Her prior birthing history is notable for an emergency cesarean section during her first pregnancy.
She did not receive any prenatal care during either pregnancy.
Her past medical history is notable for obesity and diabetes mellitus, which is well controlled on metformin.
Her temperature is 99.0°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 95/50 mmHg, pulse is 125/min, and respirations are 22/min.
On physical examination, the patient is in moderate distress.
Her extremities are pale, cool, and clammy.
Capillary refill is delayed.
In order to make sure that she is able to take this drug safely, the physician in charge of her care calculates the appropriate doses to give to this patient.
He was playing outside a few days prior to presentation when he fell and lightly scraped his elbow on the sidewalk.
He was born at 34 weeks’ gestation and was in the neonatal ICU for 2 days.
He has a history of easy bruising and bleeding gums.
His temperature is 102.1°F (38.9°C), blood pressure is 105/65 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 20/min.
On exam, he has a swollen, erythematous, fluctuant, and exquisitely tender mass on his right elbow.
There is expressible purulence coming from his wound.
He recently immigrated to the USA from Kenya with his family.
Physical examination shows a 3-cm solid mass located above the left mandible.
There is cervical lymphadenopathy.
Biopsy of the mass shows sheets of lymphocytes and interspersed reactive histiocytes with abundant, clear cytoplasm and phagocytosed debris.
Specifically, she is interested in how distension of the lower esophagus by a bolus of food changes responses in the downstream segments of the digestive system.
She observes that there is a resulting relaxation and opening of the lower esophageal (cardiac) sphincter after the introduction of a food bolus.
She also observes a simultaneous relaxation of the orad stomach during this time.
He will be moving from Ohio to California, away from his family for the first time.
His temperature is 36.8 deg C (98.2 deg F), pulse is 74/min, and blood pressure is 122/68 mmHg.
BMI is 24.
On questioning, he reveals that he has a habit of binge eating during times of stress, particularly during exams.
He then feels guilty about his behavior and attempts to compensate by going to the gym, sometimes for 4+ hours per day.
He is disturbed by this behavior and feels out of control.
He denies ever vomiting as a means of loosing weight.
During this period, he has had multiple episodes of dizziness and tingling sensations in his arms and hands.
A year ago, he underwent closed reduction of a dislocated shoulder that he suffered after a fall.
He underwent surgical removal of a sac-like protuberance on his lower back, soon after being born.
His temperature is 36.7°C (98°F), pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 100/80 mm Hg.
His neck is supple.
Neurological examination shows sensorineural hearing loss bilaterally and normal gross motor function.
Fundoscopy reveals bilateral optic disk swelling.
An MRI of the brain is shown.
He recently came to the United States from Nigeria to attend a year of high school.
He reports that it has been increasingly difficult for him to read the whiteboard during classes.
Physical examination shows symmetrically distributed papules 4–8 mm in diameter, excoriation marks, and patchy hyperpigmentation over his shoulders, waist, and buttocks.
There is nontender inguinal lymphadenopathy and several firm, nontender subcutaneous nodules along the right iliac crest.
Six skin snip biopsies are taken from the pelvic girdle, buttocks, and thigh, and are then incubated in saline.
After 24 hours, microscopic examination shows motile microfilariae.
The investigator obtains a lymph node biopsy from a healthy subject and observes it under a microscope.
A photomicrograph of the cross-section of this lymph node is shown.
He informs the physician that he had been backpacking on the Appalachian Trail in the woods of Georgia in the month of June, 2 weeks ago, and had been bitten by a tick there.
His temperature is 39.0°C (102.3°F), pulse is 94/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood pressure is 126/82 mm Hg.
His physical exam does not reveal any significant abnormality except for mild splenomegaly.
Laboratory studies show:
Total white blood cell count 3,700/mm3 (3.7 x 109/L)
Differential count  
Neutrophils 85%
Lymphocytes 12%
Monocytes 2%
Eosinophils 1%
Basophils 0%
Platelet count 88,000/mm3 (95 x 109/L)
Serum alanine aminotransferase 140 IU/L
Serum aspartate aminotransferase 80 IU/L
Microscopic examination of a peripheral blood smear stained with Wright-Giemsa stain shows the presence of morulae in the cytoplasm of leukocytes.
He also noticed that she appeared to have difficulty using her fork about halfway through dinner when the speech problems started.
He brought her to the emergency department immediately and he estimates that only 1 hour has passed since the beginning of the symptoms.
An immediate exam is conducted.
A medication is administered to ameliorate the effects of this patient's condition that would not be available for use if the patient had presented significantly later.
An hour later the patient's condition becomes significantly worse and new deficits are found.
For the past 5 years, he has had multiple sinus and upper respiratory infections.
He has also had recurrent diarrhea throughout childhood.
His temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), the heart rate is 90/min, the respirations are 16/min, and the blood pressure is 125/75 mm Hg.
Laboratory studies show abnormally low levels of one immunoglobulin isotype but normal levels of others.
He has tried a number of over-the-counter face wash, gels, and supplements over the past few years with temporary relief but no significant lasting effects.
The acne has gotten worse over time and now he is especially concerned about his appearance.
A physical examination reveals numerous nodulocystic lesions over the face and neck.
Scarring is present interspersed between the pustules.
There are some lesions on the shoulders and upper back as well.
Physical exam reveals decreased breath sounds and dull percussion at the right lung base.
Chest X-ray reveals a right-sided pleural effusion.
A thoracentesis was performed, removing 450 mL of light pink fluid.
The symptoms developed a week ago and have been progressively worsening over the last 2 days.
He reports his cough is productive of thick, yellow sputum.
He was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 3 years ago and has been on treatment ever since.
He quit smoking 10 years ago but occasionally experiences shortness of breath along with chest tightness that improves with the use of an inhaler.
However, this time the symptoms seem to be more severe and unrelenting.
His temperature is 38.6°C (101.4°F), the respirations are 21/min, the blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg, and the pulse is 105/min.
Auscultation reveals bilateral crackles and expiratory wheezes.
His oxygen saturation is 95% on room air.
He has been unable to work out at the gym during this period.
He has also had cramping lower abdominal pain and diarrhea for the past 5 weeks that is occasionally bloody.
His father was diagnosed with colon cancer at the age of 65.
He has smoked half a pack of cigarettes daily for the past 10 years.
He drinks 1–2 beers on social occasions.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 88/min, and blood pressure is 116/74 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows dry mucous membranes.
The abdomen is soft and nondistended with slight tenderness to palpation over the lower quadrants bilaterally.
Rectal examination shows stool mixed with blood.
His hemoglobin concentration is 13.5 g/dL, leukocyte count is 7,500/mm3, and platelet count is 480,000/mm3.
Urinalysis is within normal limits.
The patient has hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hypertriglyceridemia.
Prescription medications include enalapril, metformin, sitagliptin, glargine, lispro, and fenofibrate.
The patient has not had a cigarette in more than 35 years, and reports only having 1 or 2 drinks during special occasions such as weddings and family reunions.
The blood pressure is 146/90 mm Hg, the heart rate is 88/min, the respiratory rate is 10/min, and the temperature is 37.8°C (100.0°F).
On physical examination, the patient appears uncomfortable but alert.
The visualization of the sclera is negative for jaundice.
The neck is supple and non-tender without nodules.
There are no heart murmurs.
The lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
The palpation of the abdomen elicits pain in the epigastric region.
The liver is palpable along the costal margin, and the Murphy’s sign is negative.
Follow-up studies show that the drug can adversely affect differentiation of the ureteric bud into its direct derivatives in fetuses exposed during the first trimester.
The patient complains of dysuria, hematuria, and reports of “passing gravel” when urinating.
She was diagnosed with gout and hypertension 5 years ago.
Physical examination is unremarkable.
The emergency department team orders urinalysis and a CT scan that shows a mild dilation of the right ureter associated with multiple small stones of low Hounsfield unit values (HU).
The child vomits after every feeding and has had a continuous cough since shortly after birth.
The mother denies any greenish coloration of the vomit and says that it is only composed of whitish milk that the baby just had.
The child exhibits these coughing spells during the exam, at which time the physician notices the child’s skin becoming cyanotic.
The mother states that the child was born vaginally with no complications, although her records show that she had polyhydramnios during her last ultrasound before the delivery.
He noticed a swelling on his back 7 months ago.
He has a history of using intravenous heroin but has not used illicit drugs for the past 2 months.
There is no personal or family history of serious illness.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows a 2-cm soft, lobulated, mobile swelling on the right side of his upper back.
The mass slips away from the fingers when its edges are palpated.
Healed track marks are present in the bilateral cubital fossae.
The patient is told that the mass on his back is most likely a lipoma, a benign mass consisting of fat tissue that does not require any further treatment.
He is aware of the diagnosis and informs you that he wants it removed for cosmetic reasons.
Four months ago, he had asked another physician to remove it but the physician refused to perform the procedure since he did not consider it necessary.
The patient is counseled regarding the potential benefits and risks of the excision and that there is a chance of recurrence.
His parents ask the physician not to perform the excision.
However, the patient insists on undergoing the procedure.
She has a history of frequent episodes of vague abdominal pain, but they have never been this severe.
Every time she has had pain, it would resolve after eating a meal.
Her past medical history is otherwise insignificant.
Her vital signs include: blood pressure 121/77 mm Hg, pulse 91/min, respiratory rate 21/min, and temperature 37°C (98.6°F).
On examination, her abdomen is flat and rigid.
In the picture is the theoretical structure for tRNA.
Primary and secondary surveys reveal no significant compromise to his airway, his cardiovascular system, or to his motor function.
However, his conjunctiva appear injected and he maintains combative behavior towards staff.
She reports a 6-month history of intermittent dryness, itching, and burning during intercourse.
Upon further questioning, she also reports poor sleep and occasional periods during which she feels very warm and sweats profusely.
Her past medical history is significant for poorly controlled hypertension and a 10 pack-year smoking history.
She takes hydrochlorothiazide and enalapril.
Her temperature is 99.3°F (37.4°C), blood pressure is 135/85 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, and respirations are 18/min.
On examination, she is a healthy female in no distress.
Pelvic examination reveals no adnexal or cervical motion tenderness.
She reports that the nodules were initially smaller and distinct but some have fused together over the past 3–4 days and now appear like bruises.
There is no preceding history of fever, trauma, or insect bites.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
A photograph of the tender lesions on her shins is shown.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Complete blood count and antistreptolysin O (ASO) titers are within the reference range.
Erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 30 mm/h.
He has had a couple of episodes of watery diarrhea in the past, but this is the first time it failed to subside over the course of a few days.
His father tells the doctor that the child has frothy stools with a distinct foul odor.
Other than diarrhea, his parents also mention that he has had several bouts of the flu over the past 2 years and has also been hospitalized twice with pneumonia.
On examination, the child is underweight and seems to be pale and dehydrated.
His blood pressure is 80/50 mm Hg, the pulse rate of 110/min, and the respiratory rate is 18/min.
Auscultation of the lungs reveals rhonchi.
She has no complaints.
Past medical history is unremarkable.
Her only medication is a prenatal vitamin.
Her temperature is 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg, pulse rate is 78/min, and respiration rate is 20/min.
Physical examination is consistent with the gestational age of her pregnancy with no abnormalities noted.
Urine dipstick is normal.
He states that resting for a few minutes usually resolves the chest pain.
Currently, he takes 81 mg of aspirin daily.
He has a blood pressure of 127/85 mm Hg and heart rate of 75/min.
Physical examination reveals regular heart sounds and clear lung sounds bilateral.
His mother says that the patient had a fever with a cough a couple of days ago.
Family history is positive for an uncle who died from a blood disease.
A peripheral blood smear of this patient is shown in the image.
He was previously diagnosed with stage G3a chronic kidney disease (CKD) and albuminuria stage A2.
He follows strict dietary recommendations and takes enalapril.
He has a history of benign prostatic hyperplasia which has been complicated by urinary tract obstruction.
His vitals are stable, and his blood pressure is within the recommended limits.
The mother states that the girl often has constipation which has worsened over the last 3 days.
The mother denies that the girl has had bloody stools.
The girl has not had a bowel movement or passed flatulence in 72 hours.
She has vomited 3 times since last night and refuses to eat.
She has no significant medical history, including no history of surgeries.
On exam, there are no abdominal masses; however, the upper abdomen is distended and tympanic.
He reports his diet is suboptimal, but otherwise reports a healthy lifestyle.
He has no past medical history and only takes a multivitamin.
He has a blood pressure of 116/74 mm Hg and a pulse of 76/min.
On physical examination, he is in no acute distress, has no cardiac murmurs, and his lung sounds are clear to auscultation bilaterally.
You order a lipid panel that returns as follows: LDL 203, HDL 37, TG 292.
There is no history of head trauma, myocardial infarction, recent surgery, gastrointestinal or urinary bleeding.
He has hypertension, chronic atrial fibrillation, and a 20 pack-year cigarette smoking history.
The medication list includes valsartan and rivaroxaban.
The vital signs include: blood pressure 180/92 mm Hg, pulse 144/min and irregular, and temperature 37.2°C (99.0°F).
On physical examination, there is a facial asymmetry with a deviation of angle of mouth to the left side on smiling.
Muscle strength is reduced in both upper and lower limbs on the right side while on the left side it’s normal.
Random blood glucose is 104 mg/dL.
A complete blood count is normal.
A CT scan of the head is shown in the image.
The patient’s mother says she has not started speaking and is just now starting to pull herself up to standing position.
Furthermore, her movement appears to be restricted.
Physical examination reveals coarse facial features and restricted joint mobility.
Laboratory studies show increased plasma levels of several enzymes.
The patient is homeless and his medical history is not known.
His temperature is 103°F (39.4°C), blood pressure is 97/58 mmHg, pulse is 140/min, respirations are 25/min, and oxygen saturation is 95% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for scars in the antecubital fossa and a murmur over the left sternal border.
The patient is admitted to the intensive care unit and is treated appropriately.
On day 3 of his hospital stay, the patient presents with right-sided weakness in his arm and leg and dysarthric speech.
The pain is worse at night and does not respond to ibuprofen.
Rectal examination shows an enlarged, asymmetric prostate with a nodular surface.
Prostate-specific antigen concentration is 11 ng/ml (N < 4).
A biopsy of the prostate shows a high-grade adenocarcinoma.
A CT scan of the pelvis shows multiple osteoblastic lesions of the lumbar spine.
The patient is started on a drug that competes with androgens for interaction with the testosterone receptors.
He denies any night sweats, weight loss, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, change in bowel habits, or bleeding.
He has no significant past medical history.
His vital signs include: temperature 37.0°C (98.6°F), blood pressure 119/81 mm Hg, pulse 83/min, and respiratory rate 19/min.
On physical examination, mild splenomegaly is noted on abdominal percussion.
Laboratory findings are significant for a leukocyte count of 16,700/mm3 and a low serum leukocyte alkaline phosphatase (LAP) score.
A bone marrow biopsy is performed, which shows marked hypercellularity with a clear dominance of granulocytes.
Cytogenetic analysis is positive for the Ph1 gene.
Her neighbors report that she has been spending more time at home by herself because she recently lost her job.
On arrival, she is unable to provide a history.
She appears anxious.
Her pulse is 76/min, respirations are 13/min, and blood pressure is 114/72 mm Hg.
Examination shows significant weakness of the left upper and lower extremities.
She is unable to plantarflex the ankle while supine.
She is able to stand on her toes.
Her gait is unsteady.
Deep tendon reflexes are 3+ and symmetric.
A CT scan of the head shows no abnormalities.
An MRI of the brain and MR angiography show no abnormalities.
His mother reports that he has trouble keeping his balance and walking without support.
Over the past year, he has started to have difficulty seeing in the dark and his hearing has been impaired.
Examination shows marked scaling of the skin on the face and feet and a shortened 4th toe.
Muscle strength is 3/5 in the lower extremities and 4/5 in the upper extremities.
Sensation to pinprick is symmetrically decreased over the legs.
Fundoscopy shows peripheral pigment deposits and retinal atrophy.
His serum phytanic acid concentration is markedly elevated.
He says the rash started as a burning feeling on his face and the upper part of his torso, but soon red spots appeared in that same distribution.
The spots grew in size and spread to his upper extremities.
The patient says the spots are painful but denies any associated pruritus.
He says the painful oral lesions appeared about the same time as the rash.
For the past 3 days, he also says he has been having double vision and dry, itchy eyes.
He reports that he had a mild upper respiratory infection for a few days that preceded his current symptoms.
The patient denies any chills, hematuria, abdominal or chest pain, or similar symptoms in the past.
Past medical history is significant for a severe urinary tract infection diagnosed 3 weeks ago for which he has been taking trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
The vital signs include: temperature 38.3℃ (101.0℉), blood pressure 110/60 mm Hg, respiratory rate 20/min, and pulse 108/min.
On physical examination, the patient has severe painful erosions of the oral mucosa.
There are multiple fluid-filled vesicles and bullae averaging 3 mm in diameter with a surrounding erythematous ring that involve only the upper torso and extensor surfaces of upper extremities.
Several of the lesions have ruptured, resulting in sloughing off of the epidermal layer.
There is a prominent conjunctival injection present.
Ophthalmic examination reveals mild bilateral corneal abrasions without any evidence of frank ulceration.
Laboratory findings are significant for the following:
White blood cell (WBC) count 8,500/mm3
Red blood cell (RBC) count 4.20 x 106/mm3
Hematocrit 41.5%
Hemoglobin 14.0 g/dL
Platelet count 215,000/mm3
C-reactive protein (CRP) 86 mg/L
Urine and blood cultures are pending.
In the past year, he has had four sinus infections, three upper respiratory tract infections, and an episode of severe bronchiolitis requiring hospitalization.
Since birth, he has had multiple episodes of oral thrush treated with nystatin, as well as chronic diarrhea and failure to thrive.
His temperature is 38.0°C (100.4°F), pulse is 130/min, respirations are 38/min, and blood pressure is 106/63 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 88%.
Auscultation of the lungs show bilateral crackles and wheezing.
Examination shows a prominent nasal bridge, hypoplastic wing of the nose, a shortened chin, and dysplastic ears.
An x-ray of the chest shows hyperinflation of the lungs, interstitial infiltrates, and atelectasis.
A nasopharyngeal aspirate test for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) is positive.
After discussing the risks and benefits of several different procedures, a sleeve gastrectomy is performed.
During the surgery, the surgeon begins by incising into the right half of the greater curvature of the stomach.
The child has been taken out of class 5 times this past week for abdominal pain that resulted in him being sent home.
The mother reports that her son's stools have remained unchanged during this time and are brown in color, without blood, and with normal consistency and scent.
She also notes that while at home he seems to be his usual self and does not complain of any symptoms.
Of note she presents to you that she has been preparing her son's lunches which consist of couscous, vegetables, fried rice, and chicken.
The patient denies difficulty with producing stool and does not complain of any functional pain.
The child's vitals and labs including BMP and CBC are unremarkable and within normal limits.
An abdominal exam is performed and there is no tenderness upon palpation, and the abdomen is soft and non-distended.
She has no itching or pain.
She first noticed the redness while on a recent holiday in Spain, where she stayed at the beach and did daily wine tastings.
She has tried several brands of sunscreen, stopped going outside in the middle of the day, and has not drunk alcohol since her trip, but the facial redness persists.
She has no history of serious illness.
Her younger sister has acne vulgaris, and her mother has systemic lupus erythematosus.
The patient reports that she has had a lot of stress lately due to relationship problems with her husband.
She does not smoke.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows erythema of the nose, chin, and medial cheeks with scant papules and telangiectasias.
There are no comedones or blisters.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
Previously, her period occurred regularly, every 30 days.
She also complains of decreased peripheral vision, most noticeably when she is driving her car.
She denies any recent sexual activity and a pregnancy test is negative.
He has a history of recurrent nosebleeds since childhood.
His father has a similar history of recurrent nosebleeds.
He is at the 60th percentile for height and weight.
Examination shows multiple, small dilated capillaries over the lips, nose, and fingers.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
The APGAR scores are 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively.
Shortly after the delivery, the child is put on his mother’s chest for skin-to-skin and the mother is encouraged to initiate breastfeeding.
The patient traveled into the woods of Massachusetts 4 weeks ago.
He has no known chronic medical conditions, and there is no history of substance use.
His temperature is 38.3°C (100.9°F), pulse is 52/min, respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 126/84 mm Hg.
His physical examination shows a single, 10-cm, round, erythematous lesion with a bull’s-eye pattern in the right popliteal fossa.
His electrocardiogram shows Mobitz I second-degree atrioventricular (AV) block.
The complete blood cell count and serum electrolyte levels are normal, but the erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 35 mm/hour.
Two days ago, the patient’s mother says his skin was extremely tender and within 24 hours progressed to desquamation.
She also says that, for the past few weeks, he was very irritable and cried more than usual during diaper changes.
The patient is up to date on his vaccinations and has been meeting all developmental milestones.
No significant family history.
On physical examination, the temperature is 38.4°C (101.1°F) and the pulse is 70/min.
The epidermis separates from the dermis by gentle lateral stroking of the skin.
Systemic antibiotics are prescribed, and adequate fluid replacement is provided.
The patient immigrated from the Philippines with his parents a few months ago.
No prior immunization records are available.
The patient’s mother claims that he had a series of shots at 6 months of age which gave him a severe allergic reaction with swelling of the tongue and the face.
She also remembers that he had the same reaction when she introduced solid foods to his diet, including carrots, eggs, and bananas.
The friend reports that they were “pretty drunk” the previous night, and she had dropped her friend off at his home and driven off.
When she came back in the morning, she found him passed out on the ground next to the doorstep.
On arrival, he is conscious and cooperative.
He reports feeling cold, with severe pain in his hands and face.
He remembers having lost his gloves last night.
His rectal temperature is 35.2°C (95.3°F), pulse is 86/min, respirations are 17/min, and blood pressure is 124/58 mm Hg.
Examination shows decreased sensations over the distal fingers, which are cold to touch.
The skin over the distal phalanges is cyanotic, hard, waxy, and tender, with surrounding edema.
Laboratory studies are within the reference range.
An x-ray of the chest and ECG show no abnormalities.
Onset was roughly 3 hours ago while she was sleeping.
She has no known past medical history.
Her family history is positive for hypothyroidism and diabetes mellitus in her maternal grandmother.
On examination, she is found to have fruity breath and poor skin turgor.
She appears fatigued and her consciousness is slightly altered.
Laboratory results show a blood glucose level of 691 mg/dL, sodium of 125 mg/dL, and elevated serum ketones.
The pain is crampy in nature, lasts up to an hour, and occurs primarily before her bedtime.
Occasionally, she has woken up crying because of severe pain.
The pain is reduced when her mother massages her legs.
She has no pain while attending school or playing.
Her mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
The patient's temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 90/min and blood pressure is 94/60 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
Her hemoglobin concentration is 12.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 10,900/mm3 and platelet count is 230,000/mm3.
He also says his coworkers have commented that he appears pale though he has not noticed any changes himself.
He says that he has been generally healthy and that the only notable event that happened in the last year is that he went backpacking all over the world.
The patient was diagnosed with type II diabetes mellitus two years ago.
To date, diet, exercise, and metformin have failed to control his elevated blood glucose.
Past medical history is also significant for hypertension.
The patient does not smoke or use cigarettes.
Laboratory values show a hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) of 8.5%.
You decide to add sitagliptin to the patient’s medication regimen.
He has a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and recent hospitalization for congestive heart failure exacerbation.
On physical examination, the left calf is 4 cm greater in circumference than the right.
Pitting edema is present on the left leg and there are superficial dilated veins.
Venous duplex ultrasound shows an inability to fully compress the lumen of the profunda femoris vein.
She reports a 4-hour history of dull substernal pain radiating to her jaw.
Her history is notable for hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and alcohol abuse.
She has a 30 pack-year smoking history and takes lisinopril and metformin but has an allergy to aspirin.
Her temperature is 99.1°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 150/90 mmHg, pulse is 120/min, and respirations are 22/min.
Physical examination reveals a diaphoretic and distressed woman.
An electrocardiogram reveals ST elevations in leads I, aVL, and V5-6.
She is admitted with plans for immediate transport to the catheterization lab for stent placement.
She first noticed her left leg was swollen about 2 weeks ago.
She denies any pain and initially thought the swelling would subside on its own.
Past medical history is significant for hypertension and hyperlipidemia.
She is a smoker with a 35 pack-year history and an occasional drinker.
She takes chlorthalidone, lisinopril, atorvastatin and a multivitamin.
On physical examination, her left leg appears larger than her right with 2+ pitting edema up to her knee.
She also has a few distended superficial veins along the posterior aspect of her left leg.
Lower extremities have 2+ pulses bilaterally.
The ultrasound of her left lower thigh and leg shows an obstructing thrombosis of the distal portion of the femoral vein.
He also reports frequent episodes of vomiting over the last month.
His father has died of renal cell carcinoma at the age of 37 years.
Examination shows 20/40 vision bilaterally.
Fundoscopic examination shows bilateral optic disc swelling and growth of capillary vessels in the temporal peripheral retina.
An MRI of the brain shows an infratentorial mass.
The patient undergoes surgical resection of the mass.
A photomicrograph of the resected specimen is shown.
He was diagnosed with schizophrenia 6 months ago and has been taking fluphenazine.
He says that his symptoms are well controlled by the medication, and he no longer has auditory hallucinations.
The psychiatrist also notes that his delusions and other psychotic symptoms have improved significantly.
The child is wheeled to the pediatric intensive care unit with a severe injury to his right arm, as well as other external and internal injuries.
He is hemorrhaging and found to be hemodynamically unstable.
He subsequently requires transfusion and surgery, and he is currently unconscious.
The pediatric trauma surgeon evaluates the child’s arm and realizes it will need to be amputated at the elbow.
A medication is prescribed that inhibits cyclic GMP phosphodiesterase type 5.
She develops pain and discharge at the incision site on the fourth postoperative day.
The past medical history is significant for diabetes of 12 years duration, which is well-controlled on insulin.
Pus from the incision site is sent for culture on MacConkey agar, which shows white-colorless colonies.
On blood agar, the colonies were green.
Biochemical tests reveal an oxidase-positive organism.
She first noticed her symptoms after getting up this morning and her foot dragging while walking.
She feels tired.
She has a history of chronic sinusitis.
Six months ago, she was diagnosed with asthma.
Current medications include an albuterol inhaler and inhaled corticosteroids.
Her temperature is 38.9°C (102°F), pulse is 80/min, and her blood pressure is 140/90 mm Hg.
Auscultation of her lungs shows diffuse wheezing over bilateral lung fields.
Physical examination shows tender subcutaneous nodules on the extensor surfaces of the elbows.
There are palpable, non-blanching erythematous lesions on both shins.
Dorsiflexion of the right foot is impaired.
Sensation to pinprick, light touch, and vibration is decreased over the ulnar aspect of the left forearm.
In the pathology laboratory, he observes different dead tissues under the microscope and notices the changes that are occurring as a function of time.
He is accompanied by his wife who reports that they were eating peanuts while lying in bed on their backs when he suddenly started coughing profusely.
He has a significant cough and has some trouble breathing.
His past medical history is notable for obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, seasonal allergies, and alcohol abuse.
He uses a continuous positive airway pressure machine nightly.
His medications include cetirizine and fish oil.
He has a 10 pack-year smoking history.
His temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 125/30 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 23/min.
Today, she feels well.
She has no history of serious illness.
Her pulse is 75/min and blood pressure is 110/74 mm Hg.
Examination shows no abnormalities.
Ultrasonography shows a pregnancy consistent in size with a 10-week gestation.
Serum studies in this patient are most likely to show which of the following sets of laboratory values?
He was born to a G1P1 mother at 36 weeks gestation.
The child is doing well, and the mother is recovering from vaginal delivery.
On physical exam, there is an arousable infant who is crying vigorously and is mildly cyanotic.
A red reflex is noted bilaterally on ophthalmologic exam.
The infant's fontanelle is soft, and his sucking reflex is present.
A positive Babinski sign is noted on physical exam bilaterally.
A continuous murmur is auscultated on cardiac exam.
During this period, she has had a 5-kg (11-lbs) weight loss.
She states that she has no friends.
When she is not in school, she spends most of her time in bed.
She has no history of serious illness.
Her mother has major depressive disorder.
She appears pale and thin.
She is at 25th percentile for height, 10th percentile for weight, and 20th percentile for BMI; her BMI is 19.0.
Her temperature is 37°C (98.6°F), pulse is 65/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows dry skin, brittle nails, and calluses on the knuckles.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
A sample population of 100 subjects is monitored for 4 months.
Every month, the entire population is screened and the number of new cases is recorded for the group.
She first noticed weakness of her right upper extremity 3 years ago, which progressed to her right lower extremity 2 years ago, her left lower extremity 1 year ago, and her left upper extremity 6 months ago.
She has had difficulty swallowing and speaking for the past 5 months.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Examination shows an ataxic gait.
Speech is dysarthritic.
Muscular examination shows spasticity and muscle strength is decreased in all extremities.
There is bilateral atrophy of the sternocleidomastoid and trapezius muscles.
Deep tendon reflexes are 4+ bilaterally.
Plantar response shows an extensor response bilaterally.
Sensation is decreased below the C5 dermatome bilaterally.
Her parents say that she started having a nosebleed about 1 hour prior to presentation.
Since then they have not been able to stop the bleeding.
Her past medical history is remarkable for asthma, and she has a cousin who has been diagnosed with hemophilia.
Physical exam reveals diffuse petechiae and purpura.
A panel of bleeding tests are obtained with the following results:

Bleeding time: 11 minutes
Prothrombin time: 14 seconds
Partial thromboplastin time: 32 seconds
Platelet count: 195,000/mm^3

Peripheral blood smear shows normal cell morphology.
He noticed the weakness when he started falling far more frequently while running errands.
Since then, he has had increasing difficulty with walking and lifting objects.
His past medical history is significant only for well-controlled hypertension, but he says that some members of his family have had musculoskeletal problems.
His right upper extremity shows forearm atrophy and depressed reflexes while his right lower extremity is hypertonic with a positive Babinski sign.
He has a long-standing history of chronic hepatitis B virus infection complicated by cirrhosis.
On examination, he has jaundice, leg edema, and a palpable mass in the right upper abdominal quadrant.
Abdominal ultrasound shows a 3-cm liver mass with poorly defined margins and coarse, irregular internal echoes.
The nurse who performed the vitals and intake says that, when offered an age-appropriate book to read while waiting for the physician, the patient said that he has never attended a school of any sort and is unable to read.
He answers questions with short responses and avoids eye contact for most of the visit.
His father suffers from alcoholism and physically abused the patient’s mother.
Physical examination is negative for any abnormal findings, including signs of fracture or bruising.
They have established that the gain-of-function mutation in this gene increases the chance of cancer development.
They are also working to advance the research further to study tumor suppressor genes.
However, the heaviest and most committed smokers in the study group were less interested in quitting and subsequently dropped out of the study.
Nonetheless, the researchers continued with their research (disregarding those who dropped out), which resulted in a false conclusion that the treatment was more successful than the results would have shown under ideal study conditions.
The smokers who were confirmed as quitters were actually the ones who were more interested in giving up smoking, which is why they remained in the study.
He says that he can feel his heartbeat racing.
He also reports of generalized weakness that began in the morning.
He was diagnosed with end-stage renal disease 2 years ago and currently on dialysis, but he missed his last dialysis session.
He has also been diabetic for the past 15 years and managed with insulin, and was also diagnosed with celiac disease 8 years ago.
He does not smoke or drink alcohol.
The family history is insignificant.
The temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F), blood pressure is 145/90 mm Hg, pulse is 87/min, and respiratory rate is 14/min.
On physical examination, the patient looks fatigued and exhausted.
The muscle strength in the lower limbs is 4/5 bilaterally.
An ECG is ordered which shows peaked and narrow T waves and prolongation of PR interval.
She reports feeling well and has no acute concerns.
She is currently at 28 weeks gestation previously confirmed by ultrasound.
She takes her folate supplements daily.
On physical exam, the uterus is soft and globular.
The top of the uterine fundus is found around the level of the umbilicus.
A fetal ultrasound demonstrates a reduced liver volume and subcutaneous fat with relative sparing of the head.
She was born at 39 weeks' gestation.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Bilateral cataracts and icterus are present.
Examination shows jaundice of the skin, and the liver is palpated 5-cm below the right costal margin.
Muscle tone is decreased in all extremities.
Serum glucose concentration is 40 mg/dL.
On presentation, he is alert and oriented with no obvious signs of trauma.
He says that he felt lightheaded shortly before passing out and that he has been feeling extremely fatigued over the last few weeks.
He has a known diagnosis of colorectal adenocarcinoma and had it surgically removed 2 months ago; however, recently he has been feeling increasingly short of breath.
He has a 60-pack-year smoking history and drinks 2-3 beers a night.
He worked as an insulation technician and shipyard laborer for 40 years prior to retiring at age 65.
Radiographs reveal approximately a dozen new nodules scattered throughout his lungs bilaterally.
She has rheumatoid arthritis treated with adalimumab.
Her temperature is 38°C (100.4°F).
Physical examination shows tenderness over the T10 and L1 spinous processes.
Passive extension of the right hip causes pain in the right lower quadrant.
She states she is generally healthy and currently has no complaints.
She drinks 1 alcoholic beverage daily and is currently sexually active.
Her last menstrual period was 1 week ago and it is regular.
She smokes 1 pack of cigarettes per day and would like to quit.
She describes her mood as being a bit down in the winter months but otherwise feels well.
Her family history is notable for diabetes in all of her uncles and colon cancer in her mother and father at age 72 and 81, respectively.
She has been trying to lose weight and requests help with this as well.
Her diet consists of mostly packaged foods.
His temperature is 98.0°F (36.7°C), blood pressure is 122/82 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 98% on room air.
Her BMI is 23 kg/m^2.
Physical exam reveals a healthy woman with no abnormal findings.
He also reports progressive loss of hearing over the same time period.
Radiographic imaging reveals multiple areas of expanded bony cortices and coarsened trabeculae in his right hip and skull.
Laboratory analysis reveals an isolated elevation in alkaline phosphatase with normal levels of serum calcium and phosphate.
Menarche occurred at the age of 12 years and menses occurred at regular 30-day intervals until they became irregular 1 year ago.
She is 160 cm (5 ft 3 in) tall and weighs 85 kg (187 lb); BMI is 33.2 kg/m2.
Physical exam shows nodules and pustules along the jaw line and dark hair growth around the umbilicus.
Pelvic examination shows a normal-sized, retroverted uterus.
A urine pregnancy test is negative.
She has had no similar episodes in the past.
She has no abdominal pain or diarrhea and takes mesalazine, azathioprine, and prednisone as maintenance therapy.
Her vital signs are within normal range.
Examination of the eyes shows conjunctival injection.
The physical examination is otherwise normal.
Slit-lamp examination by an ophthalmologist shows evidence of inflammation in the anterior chamber.
She drinks 8 beers daily.
Her temperature is 39°C (102.2°F), pulse is 110/min, respirations are 28/min, and blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg.
Blood and sputum cultures grow gram-negative, catalase-positive, capsulated bacilli.
Two months ago, the patient was seen for tachypnea and wheezing, and diagnosed with severe respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) bronchiolitis.
After admission to the hospital and supportive care, the patient recovered and currently is not experiencing any trouble breathing.
She initially attributed this to inadequate hydration, so she monitored her son’s fluid intake and encouraged him to drink more water.
However, she noticed that the color of the urine kept getting darker until it began to resemble cola.
The boy’s medical history is significant for a sore throat approx.
2 weeks ago, which resolved without medication or treatment.
The boy has also been complaining of pain in his ankles, which he first noticed shortly after soccer practice 1 week ago.
He has had no pain during urination or urethral discharge, however, and does not have any history of previous episodes of cola-colored urine or passage of blood in the urine.
However, the boy has been experiencing intermittent episodes of abdominal pain for the past 3 days.
The boy also has wheals on his torso, legs, and buttocks, which his mother attributes to seasonal allergies.
Physical examination reveals an alert child who is not in obvious distress but who has a mild conjunctival pallor.
Vital signs include: respiratory rate is 22/min, temperature is 36.7°C (98.0°F), and blood pressure is 130/90 mm Hg.
Examination of the musculoskeletal system reveals multiple skin lesions (see image).
Two weeks ago, she noticed he had a fever and looser stools, but both resolved after a few days.
One week ago, he began to experience periodic episodes during which he would curl up into a ball, scream, and cry.
The episodes lasted a few minutes, and were occasionally followed by vomiting.
Between events, he was completely normal.
She says the episodes have become more frequent over time, and this morning, she noticed blood in his diaper.
In the ED, his vitals are within normal ranges, and his physical exam is normal.
He reports that he has been experiencing an intermittent rash on his feet for several weeks that is associated with occasional itching and burning.
He states that he has been working in wet conditions in work boots and often does not get a chance to remove them until just before going to bed.
On physical exam, there is diffuse erythema and maceration of the webspaces between his toes.
He starts taking a medication.
Two days later, he experiences severe nausea and vomiting after drinking alcohol.
The patient's past medical history is notable for schizophrenia which has been well-controlled for the last 25 years on chlorpromazine.
She says that the feeling varies in intensity but has been there ever since she recovered from a stomach flu last week.
Over the last 2 days, the tingling sensation has started to spread up her legs.
She also reports feeling weak in the legs for the past 2 days.
Her past medical history is unremarkable, and she currently takes no medications.
Не hаѕ bееn wаіtіng for his hір rерlасеmеnt ѕurgеrу for osteoarthritis, whісh he was diagnosed for the past 5 уеаrѕ.
Не admits to having taken high doses of painkillers for hip pain management, but now they don’t provide any pain relief.
Ніѕ vіtаl ѕigns include: blood рrеѕѕurе 110/70 mm Нg, рulѕе 78/mіn, tеmреrаturе 36.7°C (98.1°F), and rеѕріrаtorу rаtе 10/mіn.
Оn physical ехаmіnаtіon, thеrе іѕ а lіmіtеd rаngе of motіon of hіѕ rіght hір.
She has a 5-year history of chaotic relationships that last only a few short weeks or months.
Each relationship has left her feeling abandoned, empty, and extremely upset.
During these periods, the patient confesses to shopping and making big purchases on impulse.
She says she gets bored easily and moves on to the next adventure.
The patient denies any changes in appetite, energy level, or concentration.
On examination, multiple linear lacerations of varying phases of healing were noted on her forearms and trunk.
Following consultation, she praises physicians to be ‘the best people on the planet’, but when the nurse came in to take her blood, she furiously stated that ‘all nurses are incompetent and cruel’.
The patient says he woke up with right-sided facial weakness and drooping.
Past medical history is significant for a recent case of shingles treated with acyclovir, and a stroke, diagnosed 10 years ago, from which he recovered with no residual functional deficits.
On physical examination, there is weakness and drooping of the entire right side of the face.
Sensation is intact.
The remainder of the physical examination is unremarkable.
He has also noticed blood in the urine, usually towards the end of voiding.
He emigrated to the U.S. from Kenya 5 years ago.
He has smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 35 years.
Physical examination shows a palpable liver edge and splenomegaly.
Laboratory studies show a hemoglobin concentration of 9.5 mg/dL and a urine dipstick is strongly positive for blood.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows bladder wall thickening and fibrosis.
A biopsy specimen of the bladder shows squamous cell carcinoma.
She does not have eye pain.
She had several episodes of loss of vision in the past, but her vision improved following treatment with glucocorticoids.
She has coronary artery disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and multiple sclerosis.
She underwent a left carotid endarterectomy 3 years ago.
She had a myocardial infarction 5 years ago.
Current medications include aspirin, metoprolol, lisinopril, atorvastatin, metformin, glipizide, and weekly intramuscular beta-interferon injections.
Her temperature is 36.8°C (98.2°F), pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 155/88 mm Hg.
Examination shows 20/50 vision in the left eye and no perception of light in the right eye.
The direct pupillary reflex is brisk in the left eye and absent in the right eye.
The indirect pupillary reflex is brisk in the right eye but absent in the left eye.
Intraocular pressure is 18 mm Hg in the right eye and 16 mm Hg in the left eye.
A white, 1-mm ring is seen around the circumference of the cornea in both eyes.
Fundoscopic examination of the right eye shows a pale, white retina with a bright red area within the macula.
The optic disc appears normal.
Fundoscopic examination of the left eye shows a few soft and hard exudates in the superior and nasal retinal quadrants.
The optic disc and macula appear normal.
The child was born at 40 weeks with no complications during pregnancy or birth.
The mother notes that the child is able to sit momentarily propped up with his hand.
The infant is able to sit without support.
He is able to feed himself crackers and pureed food.
He is constantly shaking his toy teddy bear but is able to stop when the mother says ‘no’.
The boy's teachers in math, social studies, and English say that he often appears to not be listening in class, instead talking to classmates, making jokes, and blurting out incorrect answers.
He typically turns in his homework late or not at all.
During other classes (band and science, which he enjoys), none of these behaviors are observed.
At home, he enjoys playing chess and reads comic and fiction books for hours without pause.
His father describes him as calm and organized at home.
Formal testing reveals an intelligence quotient (IQ) of 102.
In addition, the patient complains of tachycardia and dry mouth.
He has no history of benign prostatic hyperplasia and reports of only being on one psychiatric medication.
His temperature prior to arrival was 40.0°C (104°F).
There is no family history of serious illness.
Development has been appropriate for his age.
He is administered rectal acetaminophen.
While in the waiting room, he becomes unresponsive and starts jerking his arms and legs back and forth.
A fingerstick blood glucose concentration is 86 mg/dL.
After 5 minutes, he continues having jerky movements and is unresponsive to verbal and painful stimuli.
The patient says his pain is controlled with the oxycodone but he says he has been severely constipated the past 4 days.
No other past medical history.
Current medications are oxycodone and ibuprofen.
The patient is afebrile and vital signs are within normal limits.
On physical examination, surgical incision is healing well.
He is otherwise healthy and has no additional complaints.
Past medical history is significant for major depressive disease, anxiety, and hypothyroidism.
Physical exam is unremarkable.
He has had a 10-kg (22-lb) weight loss during this period.
Colonoscopy shows an exophytic tumor in the sigmoid colon.
A CT scan of the abdomen shows liver metastases and enlarged mesenteric and para-aortic lymph nodes.
A diagnosis of stage IV colorectal cancer is made, and palliative chemotherapy is initiated.
The chemotherapy regimen includes a monoclonal antibody that inhibits tumor growth by preventing ligand binding to a protein directly responsible for epithelial cell proliferation and organogenesis.
She recently started wearing a bra and uses a facial scrub for oily skin.
The parents have also noticed increasing body odor.
The patient has a history of migraine headaches controlled with propranolol.
She is at the 55th percentile for height and 60th percentile for weight.
Examination shows separation of areola and breast contours; the nipple and areola form a secondary mound.
Coarse dark axillary hair and sparse pubic hair are present.
She is G1P0 who has a 28-day cycle and no menstrual abnormalities.
Her single pregnancy terminated early with an elective abortion at the patient’s request.
She had several sexual partners before meeting her husband 5 years ago.
They have intercourse regularly without the use of contraception and have been tracking her ovulation cycle to try to become pregnant for at least 1 year.
She reports a history of occasional malodorous vaginal discharge and mild lower abdominal pain after menses and sexual intercourse, but she notes no such symptoms recently.
Her husband’s spermogram was normal.
Her weight is 65 kg (143 lb) and the height is 160 cm (5 ft, 3 in).
On examination, the patient’s vital signs are within normal limits.
The physical examination is unremarkable.
On pelvic examination, the adnexa are slightly tender to palpation bilaterally.
His mother reports that he has been refusing feeds for about 1 day and appears more lethargic than usual.
While changing his diaper today, she noticed that the baby felt warm.
He has about 1-2 wet diapers a day and has 1-2 seedy stools a day.
The mother reports an uncomplicated vaginal delivery.
His past medical history is significant for moderate respiratory distress following birth that has since resolved.
His temperature is 101°F (38.3°C), blood pressure is 98/69 mmHg, pulse is 174/min, respirations are 47/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
A physical examination demonstrates a baby in moderate distress with abdominal distension.
He is treated with an anticoagulant, but he develops significant hematochezia.
His BP is now 105/60 and HR is 117; both were within normal limits on admission.
The effects of the anticoagulant are virtually completely reversed with the administration of protamine.
He appears lethargic.
His respiratory rate is 73/min.
Serum ammonia is markedly increased.
Genetic analysis shows deficiency in N-acetylglutamate synthase.
She is at the 75th percentile for head circumference and the 80th percentile for length and weight.
She can lift her chest and shoulders up when in a prone position, but cannot roll over from a prone position.
Her eyes follow objects past the midline.
She coos and makes gurgling sounds.
When the investigator strokes the sole of her foot, her big toe curls upward and there is fanning of her other toes.
She makes a stepping motion when she is held upright and her feet are in contact with the examination table.
As a result of the co-infection, some viruses are produced where the genome of Y is surrounded by the nucleocapsid of X and vice versa with the genome of X and nucleocapsid of Y.
He has never seen a physician and denies any known medical problems.
Physical examination is notable for central obesity, but the patient has regular heart and lung sounds.
He has a blood pressure of 157/95 mm Hg and heart rate of 92/min.
He follows up 2 weeks later, and his blood pressure continues to be elevated.
At this time, you diagnose him with essential hypertension and decide to initiate antihypertensive therapy.
She states that she tried to avoid uncooked food and unpeeled fruits on her vacation.
Of note, her grandson had caught a cold from daycare prior to the trip, and she had been in close contact with the infant throughout the trip.
She denies rhinorrhea or coughing.
On exam, her temperature is 99.1°F (37.3°C), blood pressure is 110/68 mmHg, pulse is 113/min, and respirations are 12/min.
Her stool culture is negative for bacteria.
She was brought to the hospital even though she regained consciousness within seconds.
Her mother informs the doctor that she had a similar episode last month at a party, but they thought it was due to stress and exhaustion.
Both incidents occurred in a loud and crowded environment.
Her past medical history is insignificant.
Her blood pressure is 120/80 mm Hg and the pulse is 77/min and regular.
Physical examination findings are within normal limits.
A set of tests are ordered along with a 12-lead ECG.
The ECG tracing obtained is shown.
Last week he was diagnosed with atypical pneumonia and treated with clarithromycin.
He has hyperlipidemia for which he takes lovastatin.
Physical examination shows generalized tenderness of the proximal muscles in the upper and lower extremities.
Serum studies show an elevated creatinine kinase concentration.
She has a history of dyslipidemia and chronic hypertension.
Her medications include atorvastatin, hydrochlorothiazide, and lisinopril.
She exercises every day and follows a healthy diet.
She does not smoke.
There is no family history of chronic disease.
Her blood pressure is 130/80 mm Hg, which is confirmed on repeat measurement.
Her BMI is 22 kg/m2.
The physical examination shows no abnormal findings.
The laboratory test results show:
Serum  
Total cholesterol 193 mg/dL
Low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C) 124 mg/dL
High-density lipoprotein (HDL-C) 40 mg/dL
Triglycerides 148 mg/dL
The patient's 10-year risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is 4.6%.
Her blood type is B- and the father of the child is B+.
Her first child had an Apgar score of 7 at 1 minute and 9 at 5 minutes and has a B+ blood type.
The fetus has a heart rate of 130/min and blood pressure of 100/58 mm Hg.
There is a concern that the fetus may develop erythroblastosis fetalis (EF).
The surgery was uncomplicated.
An indwelling urinary catheter was placed intraoperatively.
His temperature is 39.4°C (102.9°F), pulse is 91/min, and blood pressure is 118/83 mm Hg.
There is tenderness to palpation of the costovertebral angle.
The urine collected in the catheter bag appears cloudy.
He has no history of major medical illness.
His father died in a car accident at the age of 32 years, and his mother has type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A diagnosis of bowel obstruction is suspected and he is taken to the operating room for exploratory laparotomy.
A partial resection of the colon is performed.
The gross appearance of the patient's colonic tissue is shown.
Microscopic examination shows tubular, tubulovillous, and villous adenomas.
He says that he felt fine in the morning, but noticed that he was salivating, sweating, and feeling nauseated on the way home from his work as a landscaper.
The diarrhea and vomiting then started about 10 minutes after he got home.
His past medical history is significant for depression and drug abuse.
His wife says that he has also been more confused lately and is afraid he may have ingested something unusual.
Physical exam reveals miosis, rhinorrhea, wheezing, and tongue fasciculations.
The efficacy of this new screening test for HIV has been assessed by comparison against existing gold standard detection of HIV RNA via PCR.
The study includes 1000 patients, with 850 HIV-negative patients (by PCR) receiving a negative test result, 30 HIV-negative patients receiving a positive test result, 100 HIV positive patients receiving a positive test result, and 20 HIV positive patients receiving a negative test result.
The patient denies any precipitating event, pain, swelling, flashes, floaters, or headaches.
Her past medical history is significant for uncontrolled hypertension and angina.
Her medications include hydrochlorothiazide, lisinopril, atorvastatin, and nitroglycerin as needed.
Her physical examination is unremarkable.
Fundus examination demonstrates generalized pallor and slight disc edema with no hemorrhages.
He was the helmeted driver of a scooter hit by a truck.
On arrival, he is alert and oriented with a Glasgow Coma Scale rating of 14.
His temperature is 37.3°C (99.1°F), pulse is 103/min, respirations are 33/min and blood pressure is 132/88 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 94%.
Examination shows multiple abrasions over his abdomen and extremities.
There is a 2.5-cm (1-in) laceration on the left side of the chest.
There are decreased breath sounds over the left base.
Cardiac examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is soft and there is tenderness to palpation over the left upper quadrant.
Bowel sounds are normal.
His hemoglobin concentration is 13.6 g/dL, leukocyte count is 9,110/mm3, and platelet count is 190,000/mm3.
A chest x-ray is shown.
After the necessary laboratory workup, concurrent chemoradiation therapy has been planned.
Radiation therapy is planned to take place over 7 weeks and he will receive radiation doses daily, Monday–Friday, in 2.0 Gy fractions.
For concurrent chemotherapy, he will receive intravenous cisplatin at a dosage of 50 mg/m2 weekly for 7 weeks.
She reports a 3-month history of difficulty breathing with exertion that has progressed to affect her at rest.
She swims 45 minutes every day but has had trouble swimming recently due to her breathing difficulties.
Her past medical history is notable for well-controlled mild intermittent asthma and generalized anxiety disorder.
She has a 15 pack-year smoking history but quit 15 years ago.
She does not drink alcohol.
Her mother died at the age of 60 from heart failure and was a lifetime non-smoker.
Her temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 135/85 mmHg, pulse is 85/min, and respirations are 22/min.
Her BMI is 23 kg/m^2.
On exam, she has slightly increased work of breathing.
Cardiac auscultation reveals a normal S1 and loud P2.
An echocardiogram is performed demonstrating right ventricular hypertrophy.
Her pulmonary artery pressure is 24 mmHg at rest and 40 mmHg with exercise.
He is the star running back for his college football team with a promising future in the sport.
He states he injured his knee 2 days ago during the final game of the season while making a cutting move, where his foot was planted and rotated outward and his knee buckled inward.
He admits to feeling a ‘pop’ and having immediate pain.
He denies any locking, clicking, or giving way since the event.
Physical examination reveals an antalgic gait with avoidance of active knee extension.
His left knee demonstrates moderate, diffuse swelling and is very tender to palpation along the joint line.
Her vaccinations are up to date.
When asked about recent exposure to an ill person, the parents mention that she is frequently under the care of a middle-aged woman who recently immigrated from a small rural community in north India.
Her temperature is 39.0°C (102.2°F), respiratory rate is 30/min, and heart rate is 120/min.
Her weight is 2 standard deviations below normal for her age.
Chest auscultation shows fine crackles in both lung fields.
The patient is referred to a nearby children’s hospital where her clinical condition rapidly worsens over several weeks.
A chest radiograph is shown.
Microbiological evaluation of a bronchial aspirate reveals an organism with a cell wall that is impervious to Gram stain.
The pain started suddenly, and the patient describes the pain as “going into the shoulder”.
The patient took aspirin at home and has been given multiple doses of sublingual nitroglycerin, but the pain has not subsided.
He has a blood pressure of 112/84 mm Hg, the pulse is 63/min, the respiratory rate is 18/min, and the temperature is 36.9°C (98.0°F).
Cardiac auscultation reveals normal S1 and S2 sounds, however, an additional S4 sound is heard.
The patient is sweating profusely, and the lungs are clear to auscultation.
No jugular venous distension or pedal edema is observed.
His initial ECG shows ST elevation in leads II, III, and aVF.
Menarche occurred at the age of 12 years, and menses have occurred at regular 28-day intervals.
Her last menstrual period was 7 weeks ago.
Two years ago, she was treated for chlamydia infection.
Pelvic examination shows a soft, mildly enlarged uterus.
Endometrial biopsy shows decidualization of the endometrium without chorionic villi.
She regularly takes hydroxyurea and receives blood transfusions to treat her condition.
Her blood tests show a hemoglobin of 4.0 g/dL, MCV of 87 fl, and 2% reticulocyte count.
An attempted bone marrow biopsy was  a dry, empty tap.
Physical examination shows conjunctival pallor and several subcutaneous purple spots on his legs.
His hemoglobin concentration is 8.5 g/dL, leukocyte count is 3,000/mm3, and platelet count is 16,000/mm3.
He cannot hold objects or perform daily activities with his left hand.
He broke his left arm at the humerus one month ago.
The break was simple and treatment involved a cast for one month.
Then he lost his health insurance and could not return for follow up.
Only after removing the cast did he notice the movement issues in his left hand and wrist.
His past medical history is otherwise insignificant, and vital signs are within normal limits.
On examination, the patient’s left hand is pale and flexed in a claw-like position.
It is firm and tender to palpation.
Right radial pulse is 2+ and left radial pulse is 1+.
The patient is unable to actively extend his fingers and wrist, and passive extension is difficult and painful.
He describes the pain as throbbing in nature and 6 out of 10 in intensity.
He has vomited once on the way to the hospital.
He has had pain during urination for the past 4 days.
He has been sexually active with 2 female partners over the past year and uses condoms inconsistently.
His father was diagnosed with testicular cancer at the age of 51 years.
He appears anxious.
His temperature is 36.9°C (98.42°F), pulse is 94/min, and blood pressure is 124/78 mm Hg.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
The abdomen is soft and nontender.
Examination shows a tender, swollen left testicle and an erythematous left hemiscrotum.
Urine dipstick shows leukocyte esterase; urinalysis shows WBCs.
Yesterday, he was administered all scheduled childhood immunizations.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
Physical examination shows a 2-cm sized ulcer with surrounding induration over the right anterolateral thigh.
His primary care physician noticed during an annual checkup that the boy's shoulders were uneven, and radiograph revealed early onset scoliosis.
His past medical history is significant for multiple fractures as well as short stature.
Based on the early presentation of scoliosis and the unusual history of fractures, the surgeon orders further workup and discovers a genetic mutation in an extracellular protein.
This protein exists in two different forms.
The first is an insoluble dimer that is linked by disulfide bonds and links integrins to the extracellular matrix.
The second is a soluble protein that assists with clotting.
They report that their mother is increasingly forgetful about recent conversations and events.
She is unable to remember her appointments and commitments she has made.
3 years ago, the patient was moved into an elder care facility because she was often getting lost on her way home and forgetting to take her medications.
The patient reports that she is very socially active at her new home and has long conversations with the other residents about her adventures as an air hostess during her youth.
This novel drug delivers insulin via the intranasal route.
Consent is obtained from participants who are diabetic and are taking insulin as their current treatment regimen to participate in a clinical trial.
500 patients consent and are divided into 2 groups, and a double-blind clinical trial was conducted.
One group received the new formulation (SD27C), while the second group received regular insulin via subcutaneous injection.
The results showed that the treatment outcomes in both groups are the same.
She also complains of urinary urgency.
Past medical history is significant for uncontrolled diabetes mellitus with a previous hemoglobin A1c of 10.8%.
Physical examination reveals slightly increased muscle tone in all limbs with brisk tendon reflexes.
Sensory examination reveals a decrease of all sensations in a stocking and glove distribution.
Her gait is significantly impaired.
She walks slowly with small steps and has difficulty turning while walking.
She scores 23 out of 30 on a mini-mental state examination (MMSE).
A brain MRI reveals dilated ventricles with a callosal angle of 60 degrees and mild cortical atrophy.
The pain is dull, intermittent, and radiates to her right shoulder.
During the past 3 months, she has had recurring abdominal discomfort after meals.
The patient underwent an appendectomy more than 30 years ago.
She has hypertension, diabetes mellitus type 2, and chronic back pain.
She takes bisoprolol, metformin, and ibuprofen daily.
She is 171 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 99 kg (218 lb).
Her BMI is 35.2 kg/m2.
She appears uncomfortable and is clutching her abdomen.
Her temperature is 38.5°C (101.3°F), pulse is 108/min, and blood pressure is 150/82 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows right upper quadrant abdominal tenderness and guarding.
Upon deep palpation of the right upper quadrant, the patient pauses during inspiration.
Laboratory studies show the following:
Blood
Hemoglobin 13.1 g/dL
Leukocyte count 10,900/mm3
Platelet count 236,000/mm3
Mean corpuscular volume 89/µm3
Serum
Urea nitrogen 28 mg/dL
Glucose 89 mg/dL
Creatinine 0.7 mg/dL
Bilirubin  
Total 1.6 mg/dL
Direct 1.1 mg/dL
Alkaline phosphatase 79 U/L
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT, GPT) 28 U/L
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST, GOT) 32 U/L
An X-ray of the abdomen shows no abnormalities.
Emergency personnel are called and find him having a seizure.
As the seizure subsides, the runner exhibits confusion, dry lips and decreased skin turgor.
On the way to the emergency department, he denies taking medication or having a history of seizures.
He reports that he drank water, but he admits that it was probably not enough.
The patient reports that the pain is worse at night and especially when lying down.
She has a history of Raynaud's disease treated with nifedipine.
There is no family history of serious illness.
She emigrated to the US from Nigeria 5 years ago.
She does not smoke or drink alcohol.
Vital signs are within normal limits.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Thickening and hardening of the skin is seen on the hands and face.
There are several firm, white nodules on the elbows and fingertips.
He denies having fever or abdominal pain and states that his diarrhea has been getting worse despite the use of over-the-counter loperamide and bismuth compounds.
Upon further questioning, he recalls having multiple episodes of a burning sensation in his neck and upper chest, associated with redness and flushing of his face, which lasted for a few seconds.
Because of his hypertension and dyslipidemia, the man is taking amlodipine and following a low-calorie diet.
Physical examination shows that the blood pressure is 129/89 mm Hg, the pulse rate is 78/min, the respiratory rate is 14/min, and the temperature is 36.6°C (98.0°F).
His abdomen is lax with no tenderness or rigidity, and rectal examination shows no blood in the rectal vault.
Cardiac auscultation reveals a 3/6 holosystolic murmur in the tricuspid area, which increases in intensity with inspiration.
She was unresponsive during the episode.
For the past few days, the girl has had a fever and mild nasal congestion.
Her immunizations are up-to-date.
Her temperature is 39.2°C (102.6°F), pulse is 110/min, respirations are 28/min, and blood pressure is 88/45 mm Hg.
Pulse oximetry on room air shows an oxygen saturation of 100%.
She is sleepy but opens her eyes when her name is called.
Examination shows moist mucous membranes.
Neurologic examination shows no abnormalities.
The neck is supple with normal range of motion.
An oral dose of acetaminophen is administered.
On re-evaluation, the girl is alert and playing with toys in the examination room.
The patient’s mother says that “his eyes move in different directions every now and then”.
Last winter, the patient had chickenpox but otherwise has always been healthy.
His vital signs are a blood pressure of 100/90 mm Hg, temperature of 36.8°C (98.2°F), and respiratory rate of 17/min.
On physical examination, the patient’s eyes move chaotically in all directions.
Laboratory tests are unremarkable, except for a random urinary vanillylmandelic acid (VMA) level of 18 mg/g creatinine (reference range for children aged 2–4 years: < 13 mg/g creatinine).
An abdominal ultrasound shows a 2 cm x 3 cm x 5 cm mass in the left adrenal gland.
A biopsy of the mass reveals neuroblasts arranged in a rosette pattern.
His gallbladder was found to be lacerated and is removed.
It is sent for histological evaluation.
The pathologist examines the slide shown in the exhibit and identifies several structures numbered the image.
The patient states that his pain has been worsening over the past week in the setting of a fever.
He has a past medical history of IV drug abuse and multiple admissions for septic shock.
His temperature is 102°F (38.9°C), blood pressure is 94/54 mmHg, pulse is 133/min, respirations are 22/min, and oxygen saturation is 100% on room air.
Physical exam is notable for a murmur over the left upper sternal border.
Abdominal exam reveals left upper quadrant tenderness.
Laboratory values are ordered as seen below.
His personal history is relevant for colorectal cancer that was managed with surgical excision of the tumor.
Upon admission, he is found to have a blood pressure of 130/80 mm Hg, a pulse of 102/min, a respiratory rate of 20/min, and a body temperature 38.8°C (101.8°F).
There is no rash on physical examination; he is found to have neck rigidity, confusion, and photophobia.
There are no focal neurological deficits.
A head CT is normal without mass or hydrocephalus.
A lumbar puncture was performed and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is sent to analysis while ceftriaxone and vancomycin are started.
He initially presented with complaints of sore throat but was found to have a negative strep test.
His mother demanded that he be placed on antibiotics, but this was refused by his pediatrician.
The boy's father, a neurologist, therefore, started him on penicillin.
Shortly after starting the drug, the boy developed a fever and a rash.
The patient is admitted and his symptoms worsen.
His skin begins to slough off, and the rash covers over 30% of his body.
His oropharynx and corneal membranes are also affected.
You examine him at the bedside and note a positive Nikolsky's sign.
The patient's teacher describes her as occasionally "day-dreaming" for periods of time during which the patient does not respond or participate in school activities.
Nothing has helped the patient change her behavior, including parent-teacher conferences or punishment.
The patient has no other complaints herself.
The only other concern that the patient's mother has is that upon awakening she notices that sometimes the patient's arm will jerk back and forth.
The patient states she is not doing this intentionally.
The patient has an unknown past medical history and is currently not on any medications.
On physical exam you note a young, healthy girl whose neurological exam is within normal limits.
His heart rate is 110/min and blood pressure is 98/72 mm Hg.
He is diagnosed with acute pancreatitis, and fluid resuscitation with normal saline is initiated.
She was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) a couple of years ago, managed until recently with imipramine, psyllium, and loperamide.
5 days ago, because she had developed alternating diarrhea and constipation, bloating, and abdominal pain on her medication, she was started on alosetron.
Her current temperature is 39.0°C (102.2°F), the heart rate is 115/min, the blood pressure is 90/60 mm Hg and the respiratory rate is 22/min.
Abdominal examination shows diffuse tenderness to palpation with guarding but no rebound.
Bowel sounds are hypoactive on auscultation.
A fecal occult blood test is positive and laboratory tests show her white cell count to be 15,800/µL.
A urinalysis with stone analysis is performed and the results are shown in figure A.
Prior to discharge, it is noted that the patients BP is still 170/110 mmHg.
Furthermore, his calcium and PTH levels were both found to be increased.
He says that the reddish, purple rash started on his forearm but has now spread to his abdomen.
He says there is a burning pain in the area where the rash is located.
He also says he has had a stuffy nose for several days.
Past medical history is significant for asthma and epilepsy, medically managed.
Current medications are a daily chewable multivitamin, albuterol, budesonide, and lamotrigine.
On physical examination, there is a red-purple maculopapular rash present on upper extremities and torso.
There are some blisters present over the rash, as shown in the image, which is also present in the oral mucosa.
These symptoms have developed gradually over the past year but have become especially concerning because he can no longer wear his normal-sized boots.
He denies any other symptoms, including visual changes.
He was recently started on lisinopril by his primary care physician for high blood pressure.
His vital signs are within normal limits and stable.
On exam, the endocrinologist notes the findings shown in Figures A and B.
These facial features are especially striking when contrasted with his drivers license from 10 years prior, when his jaw was much less prominent.
The endocrinologist sends a screening blood test to work-up the likely diagnosis.
He has not urinated for 24 hours and has not passed stool for over 3 days.
He was diagnosed with herpes zoster 4 weeks ago and continues to have pain even after his rash resolved.
He has hypertension, benign prostatic hyperplasia, and coronary artery disease.
Physical examination shows a tender, palpable suprapubic mass.
Bowel sounds are hypoactive.
Abdominal ultrasound shows a large anechoic mass in the pelvis.
The girl states the rash started as a small red bump but has gradually progressed to its current size.
No similar lesions were observed elsewhere by her or her mother.
She has felt ill and her mother has detected intermittent low-grade fevers.
During the skin examination, a target-like erythematous patch, approximately 7 cm in diameter, was noted on the left shoulder (as shown in the image).
Another notable finding was axillary lymphadenopathy.
On further questioning it was revealed that the patient went camping with her grandfather approximately 11 days ago; however, she does not recall any insect bites or exposure to animals.
The family has a pet cat living in their household.
His recovery has been progressing well thus far, though pain continued to be present.
On exam, the patient minimally responsive with pinpoint pupils.
Vital signs are blood pressure of 115/65 mmHg, HR 80/min, respiratory rate 6/min, and oxygen saturation of 87% on room air.
Arterial blood gas (ABG) shows a pH of 7.24 (Normal: 7.35-7.45), PaCO2 of 60mm Hg (normal 35-45mm Hg), a HCO3 of 23 mEq/L (normal 21-28 mEq/L) and a Pa02 of 60 mmHg (normal 80-100 mmHg).
She has been unable to conceive for the past 2 years.
Menses occur at 45 to 80-day intervals.
She is 168 cm (5 ft 6 in) tall and weighs 77 kg (170 lb); BMI is 27.4 kg/m2.
Physical examination shows facial acne and pigmented hair on the upper lip.
Serum studies show elevated levels of testosterone and an LH:FSH ratio of 4:1.
Treatment with the appropriate drug for this patient's infertility is begun.
The patient’s parents report that they are struggling to manage his temper tantrums, which happen as frequently as several times per day.
They usually occur in the morning before school and during mealtimes, when his parents try to limit how much he eats.
The patient often returns for second or third helpings at meals and snacks throughout the day.
The patient’s parents have begun limiting the patient’s food intake because he has been gaining weight.
They also report that the patient recently began first grade but still struggles with counting objects and naming letters consistently.
The patient sat without support at 11 months of age and walked at 17 months of age.
He is in the 99th percentile for weight and 5th percentile for height.
On physical exam, he has almond-shaped eyes and a downturned mouth.
He has poor muscle tone.
Previously, a chest CT revealed numerous nodules in the lungs bilaterally.
The chest CT was ordered after the patient experienced a persistent cough with hemoptysis and a history of multiple episodes of pneumonia over the past year.
The patient has a history of dementia and is a poor historian.
The caregiver states that the patient has no history of smoking and that he was a lawyer before he retired, 10 years ago.
The caregiver can only provide a limited medical history, but states that the patient sees another doctor “to monitor his prostate”.
She has to shave her face and chest on a regular basis.
She is sexually active and uses condoms for protection.
Her last period was two months ago and she reports having 5-6 menstrual periods per year at irregular intervals.
She has no past medical history and takes no medications.
She drinks socially and does not smoke.
Her family history is notable for heart disease in her father and endometrial cancer in her mother.
Her temperature is 98.6°F (37°C), blood pressure is 125/85 mmHg, pulse is 95/min, and respirations are 16/min.
The physician considers starting the patient on a medication that is also indicated in the treatment of histoplasmosis.
Her last menstrual period was 7 weeks ago.
Serum β-human chorionic gonadotropin concentration is 170,000 mIU/mL.
A transvaginal ultrasound shows a complex intrauterine mass with numerous anechoic spaces and multiple ovarian cysts.
The patient undergoes dilation and curettage, which shows hydropic villi with diffuse, circumferential trophoblastic proliferation.
The patient states that when he woke up, he experienced severe pain in his right great toe.
The patient’s wife immediately brought him to the emergency department.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes mellitus, obesity, and hypertension and is currently taking insulin, metformin, lisinopril, and ibuprofen.
The patient is a current smoker and smokes 2 packs per day.
He also drinks 3 glasses of whiskey every night.
The patient is started on IV fluids and corticosteroids.
His blood pressure, taken at the end of this visit, is 175/95 mmHg.
As the patient’s symptoms improve, he asks how he can avoid having these symptoms again in the future.
She has had frequent falls over the past two years.
During the past six months, the patient has been unable to walk or stand without assistance and she now uses a wheelchair.
Her mother was diagnosed with a vestibular schwannoma at age 52.
Her vital signs are within normal limits.
Her speech is slow and unclear.
Neurological examination shows nystagmus in both eyes.
Her gait is wide-based with irregular and uneven steps.
Her proprioception and vibration sense are absent.
Muscle strength is decreased especially in the lower extremities.
Deep tendon reflexes are 1+ bilaterally.
The remainder of the examination shows kyphoscoliosis and foot inversion with hammer toes.
The drug is converted into the inactive metabolites by an action of an enzyme E. After multiple experiments, the team concludes that as compared to physiologic pH, the affinity of the enzyme E for the drug decreases markedly in acidic pH.
Co-administration of an antioxidant A increases the value of Michaelis-Menten constant (Km) for the enzyme reaction, while co-administration of a drug B decreases the value of Km.
Assume the metabolism of the novel drug follows Michaelis-Menten kinetics at the therapeutic dose, and that the effects of different factors on the metabolism of the drug are first-order linear.
On arrival, she is unresponsive.
Her pulse is 160/min, respirations are 32/min, and blood pressure is 60/30 mm Hg.
CT angiography of the chest shows extensive pulmonary embolism in both lungs.
She is given a drug that inhibits both thrombin and factor Xa.
He has chronic kidney disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
He was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia at the age of 8 years and was treated with an allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
He is HIV-positive and has active hepatitis C virus infection.
He drinks around 8 cans of beer every week.
His current medications include tenofovir, emtricitabine, atazanavir, daclatasvir, sofosbuvir, insulin, amlodipine, and enalapril.
He appears lethargic.
His temperature is 36°C (96.8°F), pulse is 130/min, respirations are 26/min, and blood pressure is 145/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows severe edema in his legs and generalized muscular weakness.
Auscultation of the lung shows crepitant rales.
Laboratory studies show positive HCV antibody and positive HCV RNA.
His HIV viral load is undetectable and his CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 589/μL.
Six months ago, his CD4+ T-lymphocyte count was 618/μL.
An ECG of the heart shows arrhythmia with frequent premature ventricular contractions.
Arterial blood gas analysis on room air shows:
pH 7.23
PCO2 31 mm Hg
HCO3- 13 mEq/L
Base excess -12 mEq/L
The patient states he would like to donate organs or tissues in the case of his death.
She reports that she feels well and has no complaints.
Her past medical history is notable for intermittent asthma.
Her only medications are prenatal vitamins.
She has gained 10 pounds, more than expected given her current stage of pregnancy.
Abdominal ultrasound reveals the presence of twins with separate amniotic sacs that share a common chorion and placenta.
She is given a vaccine that contains polyribosylribitol phosphate conjugated to a toxoid carrier.
The investigators examined per capita income and rates of syphilis in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston.
Data on city-wide syphilis rates was provided by each city's health agency.
The investigators ultimately found that the number of new cases of syphilis was higher in low-income neighborhoods.
She describes it as a burning and itching when she uses the bathroom and has never had a feeling like this before.
She was born at 39 weeks gestation via spontaneous vaginal delivery.
She is up to date on all vaccines and is meeting all developmental milestones.
Detailed history reveals that the parents have observed significant behavior changes in their daughter over the last 6 months such as social withdrawal and increased fearfulness.
They have not identified a cause for these sudden behavioral changes.
The pediatrician performs a complete physical examination.
Upon genital examination, the girl becomes very nervous and begins to cry.
After an examination of the vagina, the physician is concerned about a sexually transmitted disease.
She orders testing and connects the family to child protective services for further investigation and counseling.
He states that over the past 4-5 months she has had multiple ear infections.
She was also hospitalized for an upper respiratory infection 2 months ago.
Since then she has been well.
She has started to pull herself up to walk.
Additionally, the patient’s medical history is significant for eczema and allergic rhinitis.
The father denies any family history of immunodeficiencies.
There are no notable findings on physical exam.
Labs are remarkable for low IgG levels with normal IgA, IgE, and IgM levels.
When he said her name or waved his hand in front of her, she did not respond.
When he tried to move her, she would remain in whatever position she was placed.
The patient’s temperature is 99°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 122/79 mmHg, pulse is 68/min, and respirations are 12/min with an oxygen saturation of 98% O2 on room air.
During the physical exam, the patient is lying on the bed with her left arm raised and pointing at the ceiling.
She resists any attempt to change her position.
The patient remains mute and ignores any external stimuli.
The patient’s medical history is significant for depression.
She was recently switched from phenelzine to fluoxetine.
Physical examination shows pooling of oral secretions and inspiratory stridor.
Lateral x-ray of the neck shows thickening of the epiglottis and aryepiglottic folds.
Throat culture with chocolate agar shows small, gram-negative coccobacilli.
The patient's brother is started on the recommended antibiotic for chemoprophylaxis.
They have identified that a substantial number of bacteria cause human disease by producing exotoxins.
Exotoxins are typically proteins, but they have different mechanisms of action and act at different sites.
The following is a list of exotoxins together with mechanisms of action.
She takes no medications.
Cardiopulmonary examination shows no abnormalities.
Cardiac stress ECG shows inducible ST-segment depressions in the precordial leads that coincide with the patient's report of chest pain and resolve upon cessation of exercise.
Pharmacotherapy with verapamil is initiated.
This drug is most likely to have which of the following sets of effects?
Over the past three months, he has become withdrawn from his friends and less interested in his classes and extracurricular activities.
On several occasions, he has torn apart rooms in their home looking for “bugs” and states that the President is spying on him because aliens have told the government that he is a threat.
Although he has always been quite clean in the past, his father notes that the patient’s room is now malodorous with clothes and dishes strewn about haphazardly.
He also says that sometimes he can hear the devil speaking to him from inside his head.
He has no medical problems, does not drink alcohol or use any drugs.
Physical examination of the boy reveals no abnormalities.
On mental status examination, the boy is oriented to person, place and time.
He avoids eye contact and replies mostly with monosyllabic responses.
He appears distracted, and confirms that he is hearing whispering voices in his head.
She reports severe pain in her right hip and an inability to move her right leg.
Her past medical history is notable for osteoporosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and has never undergone surgery before.
The patient was adopted, and her family history is unknown.
She has never smoked and drinks alcohol socially.
Her temperature is 98.8°F (37.1°C), blood pressure is 150/90 mmHg, pulse is 110/min, and respirations are 22/min.
Her right leg is shortened, abducted, and externally rotated.
A radiograph demonstrates a displaced femoral neck fracture.
She is admitted and eventually brought to the operating room to undergo right hip arthroplasty.
While undergoing induction anesthesia with inhaled sevoflurane, she develops severe muscle contractions.
Her temperature is 103.4°F (39.7°C).
This study analyzed patients who were previously treated with clarithromycin or another antibiotic, and then they were followed over time to ascertain if cardiac death resulted.
His roommate does not know of any prior episodes similar to this.
His vital signs are within normal limits.
The patient appears unkempt.
On mental status examination, he talks very fast with occasional abrupt interruptions.
He is agitated.
He is disoriented to time and repeatedly tells the physician, “I hear the sun telling me that I was chosen to save the universe.” Urine toxicology screen is negative.
She reports several episodes of bloody stools over the past two months as well as a feeling of a mass near her anus.
She has one to two non-painful bowel movements per day.
She has a history of alcohol abuse and hypertension.
Anoscopy reveals engorged vessels.
Labor and delivery were uncomplicated.
Two days after delivery she was diagnosed with postpartum endometritis and received intravenous clindamycin plus gentamicin for 2 days.
She had painful swelling of the breasts at the beginning of lactation, but frequent breastfeeding and warm compresses prior to breastfeeding improved her symptoms.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities.
The patient asks about a reliable contraceptive method.
The patient was admitted 4 days ago for pneumonia.
He has been improving on ceftriaxone and azithromycin.
Then 2 nights ago he had an episode of confusion.
He was unsure where he was and attempted to leave.
He was calmed down by nurses with redirection.
He had a chest radiograph that was stable from admission, a normal EKG, and a normal urinalysis.
This morning he was alert and oriented.
Then this evening he became confused and agitated again.
The patient has a history of benign prostatic hyperplasia, severe dementia, and osteoarthritis.
He takes tamsulosin in addition to the newly started antibiotics.
Upon physical examination, the patient is alert but orientated only to name.
He tries to get up, falls back onto the bed, and grabs his right knee.
He states, “I need to get to work.
My boss is waiting, but my knee hurts.” He tries to walk again, threatens the nurse who stops him, and throws a plate at the wall.
She describes her pain as constant and burning and gives it 5 out of 10 on the visual analog pain scale.
She also recalls several falls due to the numbness in her feet.
She was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy 5 years ago.
Since then, she takes metformin 1000 mg twice daily and had no follow-up visits to adjust her therapy.
Her weight is 110 kg (242.5 lb), and her height is 176 cm (5 ft. 7 in).
The vital signs are as follows: blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg, heart rate is 72/min, respiratory rate is 12/min, and the temperature is 36.6°C (97.9°F).
The patient has increased adiposity in the abdominal region with stretch marks.
The respiratory examination is within normal limits.
The cardiovascular exam is significant for a bilateral carotid bruit.
The neurological examination shows bilateral decreased ankle reflex, symmetrically decreased touch sensation and absent vibration sensation in both feet up to the ankle.
The gait is mildly ataxic.
The Romberg test is positive with a tendency to fall to both sides, and significant worsening on eye closure.
He developed a fever and cough and stated that his legs hurt ‘really bad’ 3–4 days prior to his symptoms.
He has asthma but no other significant past medical history.
He takes albuterol and his mom administered acetaminophen because he was feeling ‘hot’.
The blood pressure is 92/66 mm Hg, the heart rate is 118/min, the respiratory rate is 40/min, and the temperature is 39.2°C (102.6°F).
On physical examination, the visualization of the pharynx shows mild erythema without purulence.
Auscultation of the lungs reveals crackles over the right lung base.
The rapid strep test is negative.
A chest X-ray shows homogenous opacity in the lower lobe of the right lung.
The pregnancy was uneventful except the infant was found to have hyperbilirubinemia that was treated with phototherapy.
The mother explains that she breastfeeds her child and recently was treated herself for a UTI with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX).
A diagnosis of congestive heart failure is considered.
The following clinical measurements are obtained: 100 bpm heart rate, 0.2 mL O2/mL systemic blood arterial oxygen content, 0.1 mL O2/mL pulmonary arterial oxygen content, and 400 mL O2/min oxygen consumption.
He says the lesion was preceded by an intermittent headache for the past month that localized unilaterally to the left temple and occasionally radiates to the right eye.
The tongue lesion onset acutely and has been present for a few days.
The pain is constant.
His past medical history is relevant for hypertension and recurrent migraines.
Current medications include captopril.
On physical examination, multiple knot-like swellings are seen on the left temple.
Findings from an inspection of the oral cavity are shown in the exhibit (see image).
The patient states he has been doing well and currently has no concerns.
The patient's daughter states that she feels he is abnormally fatigued and has complained of light-headedness whenever he gardens.
He also admits that he fainted once.
The patient has a past medical history of type II diabetes, hypertension, and constipation.
He recently had a "throat cold" that he recovered from with rest and fluids.
His temperature is 98.9°F (37.2°C), blood pressure is 167/98 mmHg, pulse is 90/min, respirations are 12/min, and oxygen saturation is 99% on room air.
Physical exam reveals a systolic murmur heard best along the right upper sternal border.
An ECG is performed and demonstrates no signs of ST elevation.
Cardiac troponins are negative.
She has a chronic history of severe rheumatoid arthritis controlled with methotrexate.
She does not drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes.
Her vitals are normal.
Her lungs are clear to auscultation.
The abdomen is soft and non-tender with a palpable spleen tip on inspiration.
Skin examination shows scattered ulcers on the legs in various stages of healing.
Additionally, metacarpophalangeal and proximal interphalangeal joints are tender.
Varicose veins are not observed.
Laboratory results are as follows:
Hemoglobin  10.5 g/dL
MCV 74 fl
Platelets 226,000/mm3
White blood cells 2500 /mm3
Neutrophils 20%
Alanine 36/UL
Aminotransaminase aspartate 39/UL
Aminotransaminase creatinine 1.0 mg/dL
HIV test is negative.
His mother states that he has also had difficulty feeding and a weak suck.
He has not had fever, cough, diarrhea, or vomiting.
He was born at 39 weeks' gestation via uncomplicated vaginal delivery at home.
Pregnancy was uncomplicated.
The mother refused antenatal vaccines out of concern they would cause side effects.
She is worried his symptoms may be from some raw honey his older sister maybe inadvertently fed him 5 days ago.
He appears irritable.
His temperature is 37.1°C (98.8°F).
Examination shows generalized muscle stiffness and twitches.
His fontanelles are soft and flat.
The remainder of the examination shows no abnormalities.
The family immigrated from Bangladesh to the United States recently.
The mother mentions that the girl has never been as active as other children of the same age but has no medical conditions either.
Her appetite has declined, and she vomited a few times last week.
On physical examination, slight prominence of frontal bosses at the forehead is noticeable with malar prominence and massive splenomegaly.
Slight beading at the end of her ribs is evident.
She has a dusky complexion, sclerae are anicteric, and oral mucosa is pale.
Laboratory results are pending.
He denies having a fever and says that he has not experienced any other symptoms associated with the abdominal pain.
He has no past medical history and does not take any medications or supplements.
His family history is significant for a grandfather who developed Alzheimer disease at age 80 and a cousin who died at age 21 from colon cancer.
Physical exam is unremarkable.
Based on clinical suspicion a colonoscopy is obtained showing hundreds of small polyps in the colon.
It is worse at night and frequently wakes him up.
The symptoms can be relieved by shaking his hands but soon recur.
He reports weakness of his right hand, especially when grasping objects.
He has type 2 diabetes mellitus.
His current medications are metformin and sitagliptin.
Four months ago he went on a camping trip.
He has been working as a hardscaper for 8 years.
His temperature is 37.5°C (99.5°F), pulse is 86/min, and blood pressure is 110/70 mm Hg.
Examination shows reproduction of his symptoms when his right hand is held above his head for 2 minutes.
His pulse is 86/min and blood pressure is 150/90 mm Hg.
Examination shows 1+ edema on bilateral ankles.
His serum creatinine is 2 mg/dL and blood urea nitrogen is 28 mg/dL.
Urinalysis shows proteinuria.
A photomicrograph of a biopsy specimen from the patient's kidney is shown.
She has no personal or family history of serious illness.
She smoked one pack of cigarettes daily for 5 years during her 20s.
Her pulse is 70/min, and blood pressure is 120/78 mm Hg.
Serum lipid studies and glucose concentration are within the reference ranges.
He states that he was going to the bathroom when he saw a large amount of bright red blood in the toilet bowl.
He was surprised because he did not feel pain and felt it was a normal bowel movement.
The patient has a past medical history of diabetes, obesity, hypertension, anxiety, fibromyalgia, diabetic nephropathy, and schizotypal personality disorder.
His current medications include atorvastatin, lisinopril, metformin, insulin, clonazepam, gabapentin, sodium docusate, polyethylene glycol, fiber supplements, and ibuprofen.
His temperature is 99.5°F (37.5°C), blood pressure is 132/84 mmHg, pulse is 80/min, respirations are 11/min, and oxygen saturation is 96% on room air.
On physical exam, the patient's cardiac exam reveals a normal rate and rhythm, and his pulmonary exam is clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Abdominal exam is notable for an obese abdomen without tenderness to palpation.
Type B is thought to be more harmful to arterial walls.
A group of researchers wants to determine whether patients who have an elevated level of type B LDL cholesterol are more likely to develop cardiovascular events.
A study is designed with 3418 adult participants.
Initial levels of type B LDL are obtained and participants are separated into normal and elevated levels of type B LDL.
Socio-demographics including age, gender, education level, and smoking status are also recorded.
The primary outcome is incidence of cardiovascular events over 10 years.
Secondary outcomes include all-cause death, death by cardiovascular events, stroke, and hospitalizations.
During this time, he has also had intermittent abdominal pain.
His symptoms have worsened over the past 2 days and he has also had fever and several episodes of nonbloody vomiting.
He was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis three years ago but has had difficulty complying with his drug regimen.
His temperature is 38.8°C (100.9°F), pulse is 112/min and regular, and blood pressure is 90/50 mm Hg.
Abdominal examination shows a distended abdomen with no guarding or rebound; bowel sounds are hypoactive.
Hemoglobin concentration is 10.1 g/dL, leukocyte count is 15,000/mm3, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate is 50 mm/h.
Fluid resuscitation is initiated.
At her previous appointment, her serum α-fetoprotein concentration was elevated.
She had smoked 1 pack of cigarettes daily for 3 years but quit at 6 weeks' gestation.
Examination shows a uterus consistent in size with a 21-week gestation.
Ultrasonography shows fetal viscera suspended freely into the amniotic cavity.
His birth was without complications and his development to-date has been progressing normally.
He currently crawls, pulls himself up to standing, says 'mama' and 'dada' nonspecifically, and responds when called by his name.
However, his mother is concerned, as she has noted over the past several weeks that he has periods where he stops breathing when he gets frightened or upset.
These episodes last for 20-30 seconds and are accompanied by his lips and face become bluish.
His breathing has always resumed normally within 45 seconds after the start of the episode, and he acts normally afterwards.
One instance resulted in the child passing out for a 5-10 seconds before a spontaneous recovery.
Diphtheria is endemic to the area with many healthy villagers colonized with different bacterial strains.
Vaccine distribution in this area is difficult due to treacherous terrain.
A team of doctors is sent to the region to conduct a health campaign.
Toxigenic strains of C. diphtheria are isolated from symptomatic patients.
